1,This really works well. I can contact or be contacted without having to be on Facebook. I can have instant connections with my mother of 93. It's been a blessing for her and me.
0,It cant support call option. It always crashing hence u have to restart again the kindle. So u can have the option of not using the call option if u don't want to restart again.
1,I honestly love this app. It is very cool, and my only issue is that its slow to load up. You press the app swiping button and it freezes up a bit BUT always recovers quickly.
1,I am old and I resist change, but in the end I always succumb. This is new stuff and I find it easy and useful. It is important to make every effort to keep up and be current.
0,I do not like the fact that this is the only way I can access my messages. I feel that there should be other options.
1,I LOVE The Communication.
1,Good to get for everyone.
1,Ease of download and use.
1,Love this convenient app.
1,Good for privet chatting.
1,Very convenient I love it
0,The app wasn't supported.
1,Great app to communicate.
1,Use this app quite often.
0,Ugh. 'Nuff said. Awful idea.
1,I use this app every day this app is life literally I like how we can instant message and face time Facebook friends and I hear they are making this app not just connected to facebook so you can talk to anyone who doesn't have a Facebook account but has the app overall great app.
0,It would be ok IF the circle photo were to go away, after you read the message. The circle photo hangs around and it always IN MY WAY when trying to do other things........get rid of it After you read the message!!!!!
0,Doesn't work at all on my Kindle Fire. Despite many reviews saying the same, I tried it anyway, and when I click "Open" it just shows a white screen and hangs there. This is a Kindle Fire from 20012, so perhaps the older Amazon operating system isn't compatible.
0,they want us to use it but it's not compatible with kindle fire?? really?? c'mon... this is seriously a bunch of crap
0,Very good like tha you donot have to open the message to see that you have one.
1,I love using this app better than regular text. It's a lot of fun and love the cute stickers. Only thing is that I wish I could see who was typing in a group message like it shows when messaging someone alone.
0,I love using messenger. It's an easier way to keep in contact with friends and family. But, there are a few things I wish you would fix: 1) On my Kindle Fire, it will not allow me to send emoji or pictures. 2) I wish the updates would come just like my phone does. 3) The little chat bubble doesn't always show up... Please fix these. Thank you.
0,I was looking forward to downloading this app since the messenger portion on the facebook app is clunky and doesn't send you notifiactions. This is a terrible app for the kindle. The app wouldn't even open and slowed my kindle operating speed. I had to delete it as soon as installed it.
0,I had no particular issues with the app until recently. Now it disappears, doesn't give notifications and other odd behaviors, both on my kindle and android phone. I don't understand what was done to make it so inept.
1,I haven't had messenger very long, but it seems to be a good thing
0,Something about total access to my Stuff.. makes me uncomfortable.
1,Works well. Shows me where messages came from (physical location).
1,Daughter uses this when granddaughter is not on the Fire HD 7. LOL
0,Unable to easily delete notification icon so I deleted the program
0,It's slow and sometimes won't show your messages till the next day
1,Great app. However I can't insert stickers, smilies or attachments
1,Finally THEY BROUGHT FACEBOOK MESSENGER TO KINDLE.. AND IT WORKS!!
0,Why does it work for like a few hours then it won't let me launch
1,LOVE IT INSTANTLY TALK TO MY FRIENDS TO KEEP IN TOUCH ON MY PHONE
0,ok
1,ok
0,Ok
1,Ok
1,ok
1,ok
1,ok
1,Ok
1,A+
1,ok
0,It's irritating that I have to uninstall and download again every time there's an update because there's no option to update. Overall it's pretty lousy, but it's Facebook and their site sucks, but it keeps me in touch with people and it's free. To clarify, Facebook Messenger didn't used to run on Kindle Fire, but Amazon made Kindle Android compatible in a recently past update because of all the customer complaints about not being able to run so many apps that people use regularly.
0,I have downloaded this app to my Kindle Fire specifically to try the "call" feature in messenger. So far, audio and video have had issues using this feature. Often experience delay in audio so it doesn't match what you see. I have had the same issue and freezing on my smart phone when using the app. For texting it works great.
0,Great app. I haven't run into many glitches. I do not like that if you aren't careful it will give your EXACT location on the app. I had to go into it and disable it, but it a very easy feature to accidentally turn back on if you aren't careful. Hasn't facebook ever heard of stalkers. I wish they would fix this to where it is harder to turn back on. I do not need anyone knowing my exact location!
1,I can share things with my friends from vine, makes it easier to show them a video in private. I'm able to do a lot with messenger. And if my friends send me a message, it will automatically show me. This is awesome, I'm so happy it's on Kindle Fire now.
0,I do not understand why facebook decided we had to have another app to be able to message people. This works yes but it is annoying and now with all the message requests it makes it worse. I don't like it but have to use it I suppose
0,I don't like it, there is little privacy. Anybody can text me directly on my phone and if I want to delete several conversations at one there's not an option for that, I have to go to every conversation and delete them as a single.
0,Why exactly is this required to message on facebook? It never used to. Now it makes constant noises every time I have the internet turned on, and tells people when I'm online no matter what the settings for it are at. REALLY annoying.
0,This is horrible! I have always loved messenger on my phone as well as Facebook. I work full-time online and since the updates it never opens or it crashes! I am losing sales because I can't receive the messages in real time. I have to find a computer at random times throughout my day just to check for messages. It is ridiculous! I'm beyond disappointed, I'm angry and this needs fixed! Facebook and messenger work together but won't work on my app? Yet they sure love billing me for advertisements...pointless to run ads if I can't receive the customers!!! You say give my opinion but you make me pick a star to submit it? No stars in my opinion! Only one star because the app store made me pick it. Fix it!!!
0,This program is a pain in the butt since it is now it own entity apart from facebook. 1. There is no way to LOG OFF. You can only uninstall it. So if I want to lend my tablet to someone and not have them be able to access my messages, Id have to uninstall the whole thing. 2. You cannot access your "others" folder to read messages that may have been waylayed. 3. Wish I could just get my messages from the facebook app like before. However, those scardy cat out there- although it makes you give permission for the app to access your phone book, it WILL NOT make calls on your behalf or anything crazy like that. It is simply for the opportunity to sync your contacts and add your mobile phone number so people can call and text you through the app (and that is an optional feature that you do not have to take advantage of)
1,This app downloaded and installed properly. It runs well on our Kindle Fire HDX with no issues. I downloaded this on my son's tablet so that I could "text" him. Works great for that purpose.
0,it work's
1,Excelente
1,its great
1,very well
1,excelente
1,great app
1,Excelente
1,I like it
1,Like alot
1,GREAT APP
1,It works on mine so I don't know why everyone is tripping
1,Love this app access my Facebook messages so much quicker
1,Keeps me connected to all my friends, family and clients.
1,Like this app, good if you only need a app for messenger.
1,This is one of the best communication we have a this time
0,takes up too much phone space and isn't really necessary.
1,Great....able to contact someone faster and communicate.
1,I think that Facebook messenger is a good messaging app!
1,I love Facebook massenger . I use it more than I text ..
1,So grate, video calls for free! Is awesome! ??????
1,this is so much better than I phone call because I never want to bother or interrupt anyone. This is great for a quick question and answer.
0,It can get annoying when you are connected to a group and they all start sending messages and you keep getting ones that don't concern you.
1,Haven't used it yet so there may be some bugs, but at least now I can get notifications when I get a Facebook message on my Kindle Fire HD.
0,I like Messenger except for one major problem. It gives you no option to log off. I do not like having an app that does not allow log offs.
1,I will use this app more frequently than even e-mail. thank you for providing this service for me.._l.reslly appreciate the effort.i
0,I hate it!! I did not work with My Kindle Fire and locked my system up! I do not want to reboot after a text message!! Who does????
1,This is fine on my Kindel Fire I don't know why it's getting bad reviews it's good to keep up with my friends and my Pack Members/Meetings
0,You have to be careful all the time or you will post on every person in your group. It to complicated for old people to get started using.
1,Awesome fitness tracker only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the apps needs an overhaul compared to Fitbits app they are being out done.
0,Facebook messenger is usually a good app, but I would never recommend it to an andriod User because I think that the OS can't handle it.
1,Works great very friendly easy to use
1,Good and easy-to-use app for everyone
0,If it's not broke don't mess with it.
1,Definitely wonderful!!! Trudy Harris.
1,Great idea, is quick and easy to use!
0,It's not compatible with Kindle Fire.
1,I like the connection with my friends
0,Still getting the hang of it but cool
1,Convenient & sometimes good bargains.
0,Works so far would like easier delete
1,It has been working great for me.
0,Had to sign up to get messages...
0,Does not work for Kindle Fire....
1,It does work with the kindle fire
1,Fun to use with Facebook friends!
0,Same messenger as everywhere else
0,Freezes and disappears frequently
1,Get in touch quickly txt or calls
1,I use it more than I do my email!
1,Cool just like whatsapp or viber!
1,This is challenging but not to the point of frustration. I play some every day, improving my speed and recognition skills. Plus, it's enjoyable and entertaining.
1,Those of you who think it doesn't work on your kindle fire hd, you are wrong, it's working fine for me, and I think it's better than chatting on Facebook itself!
0,I hate messenger- I do not understand why Facebook changed the way we message and require people to sign onto messenger- the old message system was far better-
0,Awful - takes over your device and puts a big circle of the person on messenger. Totally not necessary and blocks the screen of your device. Really dumb idea.
1,Other than the shock of having a face bubble pop up on my phone screen, I really like Messenger. It's easy to use and accessible without logging into Facebook.
1,This is a must when traveling. You do not use your data plan. Plus if you do not international calling on your phone plan this will send messages to FB friends.
1,Messenger is readily accessable. It is easy to use and allows the ability to search for others. It can be use for international messaging with no cost involved.
0,I got it and I forget my password and then I decided to ha e massager off my kindle so if I was you do not git it for your kindle or if you forgot your password
0,The chat and chat heads are fine but the emoji and stickers won't open at all. I'm using this from my kindle fire. Those are the only two issues I seem to have.
1,It does have a couple of nuisance features, but one can learn how to control them. However, it needs to be worked on to handle and it should be 100% intuitive.
0,I don't see the advantage of having this. I was getting my messages on Facebook and happy with that.
1,This is a great tool for those of use who use Facebook . Its easy too use and there when you need it.
0,This app used to work great on my Amazon Fire phone, but now it's bugged out and won't open anything.
1,It is easy to get in touch with someone whose phone numbers you don't have with Facebook Messenger!!!
1,If you have a kindle fire 7 inch then it might work. I tried out everything last night and it worked!
1,The internet is a dirt road which leads to a dead end.. social media is a perfect example of moronism
0,Sucks on kindle fire tablet. Crashes every five seconds, distorted sounds and a lot of lag. Worst app
1,How do you get the little circle with someone's face off the kindle when you've finished the message?
1,it is an excellent application and you can send texts and make calls.... one of the best application!
1,This app works well on my Kindle Fire and so far I've had no issues. Useful app that works smoothly.
0,I did not care for this, because it did not work on my Kindle Fire, so I deleted it...
1,This is the bomb. Can chat without opening FB on phone, computer, whatever. Great ap
1,When I find it I love it, but I don't think I have actually opened it up yet! My bad!
1,Messenger is great to contact people especially when you don't have thier phone number
1,LOVE Facebook messenger. I always know when those near and dear have something to say.
1,no issues with it and easier to chat with folks than with the Skype chat box..........
1,Now I can use Facebook chat on my android device. This makes using it more convenient.
1,Cool and easy to set up on my Kindle! Kindle makes things very easy and user friendly!
1,Love it, can communicate with friends without anyone else knowing what your discussing
1,I love this app because it's easier to talk to my friend's without getting on Facebook
1,Very easy to use
0,Did not like it.
0,I didn't like it
1,Quick, reliable.
1,Quicker messaged
0,It,s ok I Guess!
0,i cant update it
1,Love it !!!!!!!!
1,It is pretty fun
1,I really like it
0,It wont even let me deliver my messages all they do is send. It makes me mad that they wont fix it.
0,Since every body has one star I will say it stinks. like why will it have it when I does not work?!
1,You can't go wrong with this app. It has an amazing number of Canadian news sources to choose from.
0,what can I say its a messenger app, would like more features and it locks up sometimes and crashes
0,takes up too much space on my phone and tablet.... :( have to uninstall to download phone updates
0,using it, but it was not necessary with the Fire and the other apps I have on it.....love my fire.
1,Facebook Messenger works great on my Kindle Fire HD I wouldn't trade it for the word. I Love it!!!
1,sometimes my kindle freezes while in messenger, I'm not sure if it is the app or if its my device.
1,I love being able to communicate with friends -or groups of friends!- at the same time. Privately.
0,I've used it once so that it's hard to write a review. It worked when I used it and it did the job
1,This app is so cool and it works on anyone
1,Use messenger a lot great idea. thank you.
1,I love message I talk to my sis everyday .
0,Facebook forces you to use this junky app.
1,Good for my long distance relationship !!
1,So far so good. Works great on my Kindle.
1,better to have it on the kindle than not.
1,It's ok, as long as you like a challenge.
1,IT'S to the point and easy to communicate
1,didn'i know I had it till today its great
1,It easy and quick
1,Like it very much
1,yes...it is great
0,To much time spent interacting with a computer (chatting with people you don't know cant see) instead of interacting with real people.
0,Convenient to set up on my phone and is quicker to load than the facebook app itself so it's perfect if I want to just message someone.
1,I love it, so easy, even for this 74 year old great grandma, I take my kindle fire everywhere, and never miss any important messages,,
1,Another interesting story that keeps the reader engrossed to the very end. Rich character development. Can't wait for next installment.
0,It did not work on my kindle fire HD, it should be stated in the description that it will not work on certain items. It was a big pain.
0,It sucks it keeps telling me it's a threat my kindle and so does Facebook's all a threat to my knidle and I can't get help from you all
0,It seems a bit intrusive, but I guess that's what it's supposed to do. I'm sure if you are an 11 year old girl, you'll give it 5 stars.
1,So Handy! No need to get into Facebook itself. Easy to keep in touch with family and friends.
1,Happy to see that it was user friendly. Enjoyed seeing family and friends around the country.
0,Why doesn't any app ever work on Amazon fire phone I'm getting tired of this app system!!!!!!!!
0,The site is great but no matter where I am the signal drops the chat and takes a moment to fix.
1,I JUST LOVE ON AMAZON FIRES I CAN SCYPE I CAN MEZZAGE AVERYTHING LIKE CRAZY!!!!????????
0,It works good with my kids kindle fires, but they can't video chat or voice call their cousins.
1,Yes, it asks for lots of permissions, but so do most apps. LOVE THIS AND CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT!
1,this helps me contact the ones I cant see or talk to and lets me do a hole lot more than others
1,It's a way to communicate when you don't have a phone number or email to contact an individual.
0,Nice when able to use over just WiFi and no phone service. But other then that Facebook is lame
1,Great
0,sucks
1,great
1,great
1,GREAT
1,Great
1,Loved
0,Whoever created this wasn't the brightest crayon in the box. It's a stupid app. My thought is: why not just go on Facebook and post a message to your friend/family member there???
0,Incessantly pushy! They INSIST that you allow push notifications. If it weren't the only way I can message my kid right now, I'd push it right off a cliff and into digital hell!
0,the previous one within facebook was way better. If it is not broke, don't fix it. Wish people weren't forced to get it to continue sending messages through facebook
1,Awesome application
1,works as advertised
1,Keeps me up to date
1,These are great!!!!
1,Very fast and easy.
1,Use it all the time
1,I love this message
1,I love this ! ? ?
1,great for messaging
1,Working fine for me
0,hate it. bring back the original
1,Easy to use, easy to understand.
1,I haven't had a problem with it.
1,Another great way 2 communicate!
1,Works well, I'm pleased with it.
1,Am enjoying! No further comment.
1,This is great! I really like it!
1,Works okay, lots of force closes
1,I've used it for years! Love it.
0,Won't let me call my girlfriend
1,Like the way it lets you know when you're being paged
1,It's great. I haven't had so much fun in a long time.
1,So cool to talk and see the person at the same time !
1,Works just fine for me guys idk what your problem is?
1,I could really go for a vacuum cleaner and a sandwich
1,Fan of the app since it first came out on BlackBerry!
0,VERY invasive to your phone o.k. to use on a tablet !
1,I love this tablet. It's so easy to use and navigate.
1,fast way to communicate with anyone around the world.
0,Too difficult to learn and use. Need's instructions.
1,Very good
1,Work good
1,Like this
1,Excellent
1,Very good
1,Great app
1,Love this
1,Excellent
1,It's fine
1,I like it
1,This is nice for messaging Facebook's friends..
1,easy access to send a quick thought or message.
1,The best addictive game yet! Can't put it down!
1,Still getting use to it...but so far, so good!!
1,Works just fine, even better than my phone app.
0,It is good because you can talk to your friends
1,Keeps me in touch, without the need of a phone.
1,handy for when I don't want to get on facebook.
1,Use it everyday and it works great on my kindle
0,Its a kind of Ok app! Not that great though....
1,I use this app all the time and it's working just fine both on my Kindle fire HD and my fire HD 7
1,The bubbles are not working on fire phone, when you click it the phone froze. but the rest its ok
1,Everyone seems to be saying it does not work on kindle fire. But it works fine on my kindle fire.
0,Why be so mean ......there many kindle fire users out there again I say grow up and fix this crap
0,when this works it was great but more often that not it froze up - I finally had ti uninstall it.
0,Not very organized.... Prefer the original Facebook app , but can't get it on my kindle anymore!
1,It's ok on my kindenl fire but its got a few bugs and glitches if not it would get ???? from me
0,I did not order this. I do not deal with face book or other social media stuff on the internet.
0,If you want to message someone on Facebook on a mobile device you HAVE to use this horrible app.
1,Cool i like it because you can text people that are not on your contacts..but are on facebook:))
1,I use it to talk to my mom and it is great IDK why people are saying it sucks but I have had my Kindle for almost 3 years it has indents, it has fallen a lot and the messanger works perfectly
0,it was okay however it took too much memory for me to keep, so I felt that it was one of the things that I could let go of. I tend to use face book just to look at the articles not to chat.
0,I downloaded this, only to find after doing so that it will not work with Kindle Fire. this should be noted before encouraging customers to download! Dick move on both companies' part, IMHO.
1,Just received a kindle fire and have relocated for the winter. Facebook Messenger allows me to not only talk to my family but to see them. A treat for me. I am so happy to have this feature.
0,It's a good way to get up people that don't have service on their cell by they do have access to WiFi. But only gets three stars because of all of the permissions needed to have it as a app.
0,It's useful but...it would be nice if you could log out of an account somewhere. I have a shared tablet so it's not good when someone else can just see my messages because I can't log out.
1,I don't know why everybody else is saying it doesn't work but mine is working fine. My messages go through perfectly and it tells me when I get a new text . Maybe it just likes my kindle :)
1,I am very happy with my Facebook Messenger. I can communicate with my friends and family in Europe and here in US as well. It's a great feature and,... it's free. No more paid phone calls.
0,App will not install on 5th gen. Kindle..... With inferior audio and video, what other purpose could this cheaper kindle serve if not to communicate.? No Facebook, no messenger???come on!!
0,My phone or tablet hasn't worked right since I installed it. Happened before and I took it off, thought maybe they fixed the problem. Must not have, now my kindle wont load pages properly.
1,Very happy with this. Used while I was in Ecuador. Love the emoticons.
1,guys everyone it's compatible I guess it doesn't work for your kindle
1,I am a new tablet amazon fire user and I like the FB messenger so far.
1,This app is great it works so good with kindle fire hd. Love it!!!!!:)
0,Plz make Instagram available for Kindle Fire . This is just messed up.
1,This app makes it easier to communicate with other people on facebook.
0,I do not like that the picture stay on my Kindle. They are in the way.
1,Everyone says it doesn't work on kindle fire and mine works perfectly.
0,Messaged works great for me. It gives me one more way to get in touch.
0,I am still trying to figure out how to close people out when finished.
0,Okay not usefully
1,I really like it.
1,works pretty good
1,Works as expected
1,Great. Use alot.
1,I really like it!
1,I love this app!!
0,Bad phone quality
1,Will buy again!!!
0,it crash too much
1,Great tool, that's only gotten better, with the addition of video charting. The video part is courtesy of Skype, and is rather nice, without having to install additional software or apps.
1,i gave it a five because it is compatible with my kindle fire hd and i got the first generation.it lets me text every one but,one thing i got to say is that i dont no how to log out of it.
1,I cant update this app..
1,for all the people that see the reviews that say its.not compatible.... there wrong it does work all the time they just dont know how to do it so go ahead and download it. it really works
1,Great new way to get in touch with someone. I was having trouble reaching my nephew in China through several other means but he was able to get Messenger when none of the others made it.
1,I like using Messenger. I do not have to be in Faceoook to use it. The is a small round icon with my friend's profile pic that pops up and an alert sound so that I know I have a message.
0,You see, the application works fine. But the only thing is....I never get alerts saying I got a message or not! Aside from that, it works great. If THIS can be fixed, I would give it a 5.
0,Lame. If I have to have this to access messages then why does it not work on all devices? Not that I can't just log on from computer, just annoying if this is the device I am using.
0,This app sucks for anything Amazon. Won't let you receive your messages. Tap on the message and it freezes everytime. A waste of time installing it. Should've jus stayed with what I had.
1,I enjoy the conversations on facebook. A great way to stay connected with family and friends. The pics, peoms and media always give you food for thought! Inspirational and informative.
1,Love it
1,Awesome
1,Love it
1,GREAT!!
1,Awesome
1,Love it
1,Amazing
1,Love it
1,Amazing
1,Love it
1,Very handy for on the go messaging when phone service is problematic for texts.
0,Sucks on my Android phone, sucks on my Android Kindle. Just don't even bother.
0,Thanks to the other Kindle Fire users for warning before I tried to download!!!
0,It freezes up a lot. I don't know why,but it only happens on this and Facebook.
0,Should not need to download app for this. Can not get it on all of my devices.
1,So far it's great. I am still learning how to use it, but it seems easy to use.
0,Downloaded this to my Kindle. This like Facebook has a trojan horse and or worm
1,I love messenger because you can send secure messages to the person you desire!
1,I like it! But I need to change my Kindle, because it does not have microphone.
1,really comes in handy whenyou want to talk one on one with somebody on Facebook