0,my Fire phone could not send attachment and sticker, but it works on my kindle tablet.
1,Love it ! I speak to daughter who live in the Caribbean ,can get any better than this
1,Very good most times. My fon gets hot at times. Guess it has nothing to do with viber
1,If it wasnt for this app i would not be able to call around the globe as much as i do
1,It is very good I like it I love it love it love it love it love it love it love it
1,Good as well as monies worth! Prompt connections all over the world... I'm hooked on
1,It works great, especially for chatting with friends & family who are overseas :-) .
0,I like it but there's no button on screen to answer a call on Blackberry phone Q10.
0,smiles does not work on my Amazon fire phone .... And I Can't attach any pictures..
1,I use it to call the Philippines. 14 time zones away, and the quality is excellent.
1,Actually doors what it says with no hidden fees or special requirements. Able to call anywhere or message anyone in the world as long as they have this application and you have a Wi-Fi or mobile network connection.
0,I tried to install this app and it messed up my fire kindle. After the install it would not let me go to the App Store. It was knocking me off. I tried other features and it did the same thing when I tried to access my library. I could not get into it. I had to call Amazon support and after being on the phone for over 2.hours, a representative from the App Store fixed the issue.. Needless to say I uninstalled the app.
1,Viber has helped me and my girlfriend who is living in Romania a chance to keep in touch, even without her having internet access:)! She uses her phone, and I use my desktop:)! It's awesome:)!
1,However, currently I am trying to use Viber on my kindle and it keeps telling me an update is required but I can't see any updates available?? Please help!!??
1,Viber is by far one of the best apps I've ever downloaded. I mean, who doesn't love free calls and SMS so long as you've got Wi-Fi or internet connectivity in general?
1,Couldn't live wih tout Viver I just love it. We used to use to use Skype then Viber when Skype failed us, it happened so often we pretty much just use Viber. :D
0,Won't work without a phone number. I don't have a phone number so this won't work for me. If you have a phone Number then this will work for you.
0,It says I need to update to use but no option in amazon store to update it and can't contact support.. Will change my review when it's fixed
1,My only hold back for a 5 is there is no notification such as a ring or chime that someone is trying to contact you.
1,It works really good on my Kindle fire HD but the only thing is that whenever a call on this thing the person on the other end can hear me but I can't hear them. Even when I try my earphones I still don't hear. I even tried changing settings but I don't know. Please can someone help me out?
1,Thanks a lot for such a wonderful chance to talk to my family in Sudan. It will be a great and helpful way to get in touch with them and with my friends. Thanks again Immam
1,Love it love it love it Krzy about the stickers!!! Keep it coming!!! I love that I can always tell when it's a Viber call because of its ring an I know it's my son calling!!!!
1,Use it all the time to chat with my daughter and granddaughter overseas. Easy to use, messaging or video chat, as long as the wife is strong on both ends, this can't be beat!
1,I liked being able to email and call to USA without having to pay exorbitant fees charged by Verizon when I visit Canada. Thanks,Viper! Sound was great during phone calls too.
1,This was recommended to me by a friend and I find it very helpful. It seems to be a tad complicated when answering a call - 'allow' etc, but I'm sure I'll get the hang of it.
1,Learned about from a friend stationed abroad (military). Clean and concise calls via the Internet, which means they are free. Able to send test messages and other content.
1,I'VE TRIED SKYPE,TANGO,& THE REST" THIS "VIBER"IS THE BEST! TEXTING,VOICE MESSAGING,PHOTO & VIDEO SENDING,& EVEN VIDEO CHATTING! I HIGHLY RECOMEND!
1,I believe it interferes with bluetooth and it may do so with other contacts. I won't be keeping it beyond the immediate need.
0,Did not work at all on my Samsung Galaxy S3. When a call came in, it was impossible to answer it. On outgoing calls, the volume was way too low and kept fading in and out.
1,It does exactly what it claims. We have been able to text our daughters in the States while we're in Spain. Can't send photos but what do you expect for free? Recommended.
0,nothing special
1,Mirsd073@Abc.bg
1,works fantastic
1,great messenger
1,Very useful app
1,Enjoy this app!
1,This is awesome
1,I love stickers
1,Texting worked great. Some problem with the phone connection.
0,Great Product!
1,Worked amazingly well when I travelled overseas. I was able to use this app and not be charged international usage on my cell phone. Downside is you have to be connected to the internet - but wireless is almost everywhere now so it wasn't an issue for me except at the Munich Germany airport where I couldn't find a connection before I had to make my ground connection.
0,What's the point if not free? Misleading. My husband had terminal cancer and we live far from town, but at least have internet. It is imperative that he keep in contact with docs and nurses & pharmacies. We can't afford phone. Frustrated aND distraught
1,I had installed the Viber three days ago but has not uses it yet because the person that I like to call is in another country and does not have a high tech phone so I cannot use the Viber to try out yet but I really am anxious to try it soon and let you know. This system must be very good for communication since my four siblings have used the Viber to chat with their friends oversea and have recommended it to me highly . Sorry I was using a different language when I wrote the title of the review.
0,Only communicates with other Viber users. Southwest Airlines has a deal where you can text with this app during the flight for $2, but then I found out now of my friends were using it. Would be great if it could communicate with a few other apps. I would pay extra if it could send regular SMS messages. I removed it because I was constantly bombarded with notifications to try their emoji.
1,I use it to talk to and message relation overseas. It works well when you have good signal. One time I did not have at least 3G and it was delayed and choppy, but the messages work fine. Currently you can't call with a Blackberry but the messaging works just fine.
0,Never got it to work properly on my phone when in Asia. washout and gave up on it. Big problem if I recall correctly was I could not register it as it went through Google or a related blocked server.
0,You MUST HAVE a SMARTPHONE to use this app. Your smartphone is used to receive the activation code sent from your android device. I gave it two stars because I was never able to receive the activation code but other people have said that it works fine for them. So, if you can get the app to work for you...great.
0,I love how you can free text and call, but sadly, you need a phone number to text. Another thing I found out was that on my kindle fire hd, my stickers won't work! I tried clicking the bear face on the side, but my keyboard would close and won't do anything. I even tried the + button, but it did the same thing. On the bright side, it's great you can free call and text, also set the background of who you're texting to. There's app games, and group chats! I highly recommend this app if you're using this for contact.
0,Everyone kept telling me this was the best thing since sliced bread so thought I would give it a go. Firstly it wasn't straightforward to download the app to my kindle, I had to go to the app help line twice. They were very helpful so did eventually manage it, however even though the write up says it can be used on any device and it is supposed to be viber for kindle fire I have had no joy. If someone out there can enlighten me it would be appreciated. I have a feeling this app is best suited to Apple equipment.
1,Seems to be working pret1,and they told me about viber. I was able to communicate with them while they were there...for free. Love it
1,I'm in the military and stationed in Europe so Viber is a great way to call family back in the US for free!
0,Although a newer program, Skype seems to provide better communications with our family in the Philippines.
1,It is way too better than the other messangers I use. It has so much options that I love and use every day
0,Very disappointed. No phone book and you can not add a contact. Is not possible to send photos and smiley.
0,I like how dynamic and fun Viber is, but its expensive to communicate when your contact doesn't have Viber
1,You can't beat free.. although voice quality can be awful at times, for most of the time, it's very good.
1,Best way to stay connected with friends and family. I would recommend that everyone should use this app.
1,Loved it since day one! Recommended by a friend and better than other apps that I have tried in the past.
0,This app really didn't work well for me. I deleted it from my Kindle. I find Skype a much better product.
0,Does not let me get in. It is stupid! All it wants is to update it,but you can' do it!
0,Doesn't work well for video chat
0,Doesn't work right on my Kindle
0,It didn't really work for me....
0,Pretty cool, hope this takes off
0,Not working app! BlackBerry user
0,Don't like removed it from disk.
1,Dis app is better than what'sapp
1,love the little stickers with it
1,The application works perfectly.
0,crashing too much :(
1,I love this system !
1,Works great for me.
1,This app is alright
1,Great audio network
0,did not work for me
1,intelligent concept
1,SuperMessadocious!
1,Very useful app!!!
0,Problems on BB q5.
1,Best ever!
1,Great app
1,Vary good
1,great app
1,Great app
0,lags alot
1,Satisfied
1,Great app
1,Very good
1,loving it
0,ok
0,Ok
0,it does't work like the original one on the android
0,Deleted this immediately. Not free and not good.
0,You can only contact people with viber
0,It doesn't work well most of the time
1,Brynlee10992 Aeroplane 10933
1,LOVE VIBER. Very useful app.
0,Worked terribly...delete.
1,Fine for communication.
1,Good