1,I have a Kindle Fire, and I got the Yahoo mail app for it. Since I got it, I use the app often, it is easy to use, and downloads fast. I give it 5 stars out of 5 stars.
0,I downloaded it because mail was a pain on kindle fire web. I couldn't even log in. just gave me fields to type in, and that was it. no loving, no nothing. horrible. X(
1,4 stars. Once you turn the kindle fire to landscape, it loads messages nicely, then return to portrait. Deduct one star until fixed. Besides this issue, working great!
0,This game has a very interesting, design and the characters to play with, some levels don't, give enough items you need to clear the level, but it,s very entertaining.
0,Downloaded it to my Android but it wouldn't work. Kept coming up and saying Ymail has stopped working. So I uninstalled it and tried again, but it still wouldn't work.
1,I really like this app I like that u can change the back ground thme so cool easy to u easy to understand I would recommend this app to anyone very friendly and fun
1,Works really well. I just wish you could shut off the notifications. I swore I could do it once before but I haven't been able to find it since they ran a few updates.
1,So much nicer using this app than adding my account to the default email app. It syncs well. I can see my folders well. Love the background options and the spam button
0,Works very well with my Kin-Fire. Would give 5 star rating IF you could Sign Out. Feel too exposed to use on a daily basis where I couldn't access my laptop/desktop.
0,The conversation grouping thing popping up is incredibly annoying. I get it, I can group messages. I'd like to open the app and go straight to my messages. Kindle Fire
1,Great
1,great
1,yahoo
1,super
1,great
1,Great
1,great
1,works
1,Great
1,Great
1,A good, convenient way for me to get my email. I wish that it were possible to have multiple messages from the same conversation grouped together, but aside from that, I'm happy with this app.
1,Good app for checking Yahoo mail remotely. Only issue I have is some emails from Yahoo groups I subscribe to are not formatted same as when viewed from Yahoo web site and even missing content.
0,The app doesn't want to open and force stops frequently. It's very slow to scroll through messages and deleting/moving mail to different folders. Hopefully these quirks will be resolved soon.
0,I have always enjoyed working with Yahoo's platforms for emails, instant messaging, and other services. they are always coming up with new features to better the user's interactions and needs.
1,So much better than back years ago when I first got it! Really deserves a 4.5, I guess. There are a few glitches here and there....but I couldn't do without my Yahoo email delivery! Thanks!
0,Too limited. Cannot access my contacts list. Cannot access my account settings. Not very User friendly. I have had many problems which I have reported, never responded too and never resolved.
1,Just the comfort of knowing that I don't have 2 stop whatever I'm doing on my Kindle just 2 have 2 hop online on a computer or phone just 2 get 2 an email. 1 word comes 2 mind 1st-SWEET!!! :-)
1,I like it but, the only draw back is that you are unable to sign out. It stays on at all times, that I am not too crazy about. I would like to be able to have the choice or logging in or out.
1,What can I say? let me count the ways! It's a great app that for me responds well on my Kindle HD. Easy access, smooth reaction to my touch and as always what you expect from Yahoo as a whole.
0,Since Yahoo changed their email format it has become so difficult to work with. The "grouping" of emails is a disaster. If I haven't been using it for so long I'd switch in an instant.
1,I think this works so much better than the old yahoo mail app. It is easy to access and the notifications are so much better. Thank you yahoo.
0,This app doesn't work. It won't stay signed in long enough to retrieve any messages. It just asks for my password over and over again. Lame!
1,This is a great app. I only have one complaint about it.It seems to not have a reply button, but it's not a big thing so I give it five stars.
0,yes, I get my email but....it suddendly closes and doesn't display all of the mail in my inbox even though it says I have like 40 more emails.
1,LOVE YAHOO MAIL. HAVE TO HAVE ON SMARTPHONE & KINDLE. NO PROBLEMS. WORKS WELL--- MUCH EASIER TO GET IN THAN THRU YAHOO OR JUST EMAIL LINK
0,Can't stand it. It doesn't have an option to logout of your account. Once u log in you're there til u delete the app which is what I had to do
1,I could not open my email on my Kindle with old program. I installed this one and now I have no problem accessing my email. It is very fast.
0,This app crashes constantly and will stick on one email often. Would like to see an update. Just deleted it in hopes that reloading will help.
0,not user friendly, confusing, complicated, I want my old mail back!!! its too hard to screen and view emails, p[ease return me to my old mail
1,its email...whatsever don't ask.me again you tires. tired of the reminders and stuff. go snake yourselves in the blab blab blah
1,Here's an app that actually works as it should. I was surprised that I could access all my folders. It's easy to use and quick to load. Positive experience all around.
1,Really good.. really really good. i actually don't mind checking my email now. It's smooth, flawless and good looking. If you don't have this app, your playing yourself.
0,Amazon Fire,Android Garbage OS.This whole system is a RIP-OFF.The Yahoo App blinks your email on and off,its impossible to read .Don't waste your money on Amazon tablets.
1,Great to use in-house when I can't be on the desktop. I do not think anyone could get my personal information with this open app. I like that I don't have to sign in .
1,Since I use Yahoo! Mail for both personal and job-related, it's a real nice plus to not have to sign out from one account to access the other. This makes it much easier.
1,The important thing is that it is uncomplicated. I don't have complicated needs like someone else might have (used to have Eudora) and so this is perfect for me! Love it!
1,It always sends me my emails right away! I don't miss a single message. I love Yahoo Mail because it helps me send messages to friends and family, also helps with school!
1,This is very handy... my only suggestion is to allow the screen to shift orientation depending on how device is being held (ie - upside down, horizontal or right-side up0
1,I have had yahoo for years, so was worried when I got my Kindle. But I found this app and down loaded asap wasn't sure how it would work but it almost like my pc love it!
1,I wasn't expecting much from this because I just haven't been impressed with many of the email apps. This is almost identical to the full website version, which is great.
1,All I use for mail
1,It World excellent
1,Works fine for me.
1,I like yahoo mail.
1,Works as described
1,Works great Thanks
1,Works as describe.
1,Less controversial
1,I like Yahoo mail
1,It works wonderful
1,I think that says it all, able to have my email on the go with my kindle or on my phone.
1,I just love this I can use the kindle fire to read email or send and you do more to
1,Ok
1,👍
0,Ok
1,Ok
1,Ty
1,A+
0,Ok
1,ok
1,Yahoo mail is good ,user friendly and clear email messages.
1,Took some time to get use to new format, but all is good.
1,This is app is so awesome I finally get to txt my sister
1,I like Yahoo for searching the web, and e mail.
1,Never had any problems, and it's easy to use.
1,Terrific, nice little spontaneous gifts
0,It's not opening emails please fix it.
1,Excellent app! I use it all the time.
0,this app is no good!! Doesn't work...
1,I love getting my emails on my phone
0,I cannot figure out how to log out of this app without deleting my account. It would be nice to be able to just sign out. My hubby and I share a smartphone, and while I don't have any secrets from him, he doesn't need to be constantly notified of my incoming emails either. Otherwise, the app works great.
1,I have been using yahoo for many years. At first they had problems but it was worth staying with them because the last problem was years ago. They turned out being the best mail out there. They are fast and easy to use and everyone can remember your email address easier, it seems to be the favorite out there too. Plus it's free and always has been. Plus it's not cluttered.
0,I would give it more stars but you can't sign out of your mail account. I even uninstalled it and when I log into yahoo it goes straight to my mail. Its not very safe. Anyone could access your account. I always sign out of my mail. You can't be too safe now-a-days.
1,Yahoo mail. Can't live without it. This app is necessary to view Yahoo mail on my Samsung phone. I tried just going through my web browser as I can do on my Apple phone and my PC, but that produces strangely mixed results. I am sure we are dabbling in the dark arts here. This app works pretty well.
0,Kept saying error and wouldn't open. This app worked for my stratosphere, but it won't work with my galaxy S4.
1,On my computer it works great. I really like it. The features are really good. I am just having trouble on my device signing out. Not sure what is wrong, it may just be that it is not compatible with Kindle Fire.But all in all I really like this product. Like I said it works wonderfully on the lap top.
0,love having access to my mail accounts on my kindle fire. since the latest upgrade, ive had nothing but problems- crashes consistently!
0,Yahoo mail has had issues that have frustrated me and I've been tempted to switch. It has frequently stopped responding and has asked me to wait until issues are resolved. Also, Yahoo won't accept email transfers from people who have tried contacting other Yahoo users or other gmail, .org, etc. users. I have a list of emails that have failed to reach their destinations because Yahoo has failed to forward them on. I rate Yahoo 3 out of 5. Sincerely, Frustrated
1,I have used yahoo mail on my pc & lap top for years. I also use it on my Kindle Fire. I've never had a problem with yahoo on any of my devices, ever. Plenty of storage space and it's free. I have email addresses on other networks but always use my Yahoo account as my primary account. The only thing I don't like about yahoo on my Kindle Fire is that I can't copy and paste. If I can I sure don't know how too on this device. Any suggestions?
1,I have always used Yahoo mail and I must say that it has never given me a problem. So until I start to have problems, I will continue to be a loyal customer. Thanks for listening. Good Day,Sir. Iol
1,I am so busy emailing people back and forth that using this app is so helpful! I am able to check constantly my emails and its really easy to navigate as well!
1,I love my Yahoo mail they made some changes recently and I was not happy. They must have had a lot of complaints before they corrected it. Now its great again.
1,The application works great. Easy set-up and easy to view all messages and folders. The only bad thing are the ad's that keep showing at the top of the emails.
0,like the new ui, cleaner with better functionality. However, still has one major bug, crashes anytime I try to delete messages. hopefully a fix is on its way.
1,love it! Works fine on Kindle Fire, love the emoticons and fonts you can use on this app!! Also the notification sound and signature is great too! 5 Stars!!!!!
1,It's a great app for email and very helpful that I don't need to open the Web just to check email! It works great on my kindle fire so I really recommend this!
0,Although it worked well initially, it has proven very buggy and freezes more often than not. It sometimes shuts down unexpectedly. Can be somewhat unreliable.
0,Since the largest updates this app is constantly freezing and sending error messages that say the application has stop working. On my kindle and on my LG G2.
1,I enjoy getting contact with my family get my messages damn I love Yahoo Yahoo Yahoo tha best damn thing I could ever think of let's take control Yahoo Yahoo.
1,Easily used and customizable, Yahoo's done it again with their Mail app. Enjoy choosing your own visual theme and non-intrusive ads catered to your interests.