1,STRONG Vacuum!
1,Great product!
1,great vacuum!!
1,I've bought this vacuum before and will buy again! Does great with carpet and pet hair, I have a German Shepard.
1,Extremely light vacuum - easy to maneuver and has a surprising amount of suction. Works well on berber carpet.
1,Very happy with the weight, the performance, and the price! One of the best vacuums I've ever bought. Great buy!
1,So far good product been using it for about 3 months,I like it because u don't have to buy expensive bags for it
1,Excellent product. Took only a few minutes to assemble. Really strong suction and yet very light to move around.
1,This thing is crazy. Sucks and cleans like mad. Even did some spot removing with the turbine rush attachment..
1,Works pretty good. Hopefully it lasts though. Needs cleaned out pretty much after every sweeping. Well built.
1,great product for a great price
1,My wife loves it! So I love it!
0,Product was priced accurately.
1,still working well. Good deal.
1,arrived quickly and works well
0,great suction. Everything else about it is CHEAP.. Power cord is short. Falls over all the time...
1,GREAT vacuum for the price!!
1,Vaccume that ish like a boss
1,Good solid vacuum for price.
1,My Bissell Vacuum work well.
0,I really like this vacuum cleaner except for one issue. It has fabulous suction and gets the carpet really clean, however, the canister fills up far too quickly and instead of keeping the debris in the canister it goes up around and above the filter requiring me to take the entire canister and filter area apart each time I vacuum more than a small area. If they could find a way to prevent vacuumed debris from going into the filter area this vacuum cleaner would be fabulous!
0,I had my heart set on this vacuum ever since I saw the price to seller review ratio... A vacuum that performs like a several hundred dollar vacuum for less than $100? Awesome. My Dyson Animal is getting old and doesn't perform quite as well as it used to due to normal wear and tear, and I figured the cost of the Bissell OnePass would be more economical then having the Dyson repaired. Well, the reviews on this product have given me reason to seriously question Amazon review integrity. This in NO WAY compares to a "several hundred dollar vacuum". In fact, my busted Dyson still outperforms this. The main concerns I found with the Bissell OnePass are: The ergonomics are not that of an upscale vacuum. The cord comes out of the back machine about 8 inches from the ground and I am constantly running over the cord when I swipe the vacuum back towards me, so be prepared to be constantly holding the cord close to the vacuum; annoying. Also, "one pass" is a lie especially when it comes to carpeting. I had a small pile of crumbs and such on the floor and while this Bissell did pick up the majority of it, it blew the rest of it back and all around- I felt multiple crumbs hitting my feet. On the plus side is that the tool attachments are of good quality and it's easy to empty the canister. Bagless is always good. I decided against sending it back- wasn't worth the hassle of mailing it. I keep it around in case my Dyson breaks, and use it occasionally to save additional wear on my Dyson. The bottom line is- this is a good quality vacuum; FOR A VACUUM THAT COSTS AROUND $80. On a grand scale it is just 'fair'. The claim that this performs anywhere close to a high quality machine is a combination of pure wishful thinking and delusion.
0,As long as it works, it does the job, however it broke after 10 months. The main challenge is with customer service. Here's the full story: Unit stopped working. I followed the instructions for support, called Bissell support and was provided with the phone number of the closest authorized repair center. Dropped the vacuum, was promised resolution within 5 days. repair center did not look at the unit for 2 weeks, then 1 week to diagnose, then 1 more week to order a replacement from Bissell, and so far Bissell didn't ship the item. The authorized repair center does not understand what's going on, and Bissell is not responsive about the matter. It's been TWO months since i dropped the Vacuum for repairs and many phone calls and still no luck getting this matter resolved. It's clear that Bissell does not stand behind their brand and could not care less about their customers satisfaction. No more buying Bissell products.
0,I suppose it's what I deserve, buying a cheap vacuum, but I never expected it to be such junk! I have been using it for about 6 months so I have a lot of experience with it. I have numerous complaints: - Emptying the canister into the trash creates a massive dust cloud and I then have to clean myself, vacuum the surrounding area and change my clothes. - The suction is so poor that the crevice tool has no suction and the 'vacuum powered' (no electric) powered upholstery brush stops rotating once it touches a surface. - The canister seals leak covering the whole vacuum with dust - The bare floor performance is good if you don't mind everything being scattered to the far reaches of the room instead of being VACUUMED. - When using the crevice tool or upholstery brush, the main vacuum beater brush continues to rotate and there is no way to turn it off. I now have FOUR BURN MARKS on my carpets! Please, do yourself a favor and buy something else!
1,Wow. Never thought I'd be reviewing a vacuum cleaner, but this thing is hands down the most convenient thing I have bought in recent memory. I live in a dusty house. In a historic district. Filled with dust. With an orange cat that sheds it's full coat on what seems like a daily basis. Did I mention everything is dusty and hairy? Anyway... I had another vacuum, some $100 piece of junk I've been holding onto since I started college that seems to spit up dust everywhere whenever I use it. My parents also have only had vacuums like this, so I just assumed that's what vacuums did. Sucked up some stuff and spit the rest out at your legs like a machine gun of little dusty pebbles. Not to mention the filters always get clogged up, gotta wash the filters out and get your hands all black and dusty, which just leaves you feeling all coughy and gross. Hose had like zero suction. Unbelievable, right? Anyway so that piece of junk just decides one day it no longer wants to suck up anything, and that it's entire purpose is to spew dust all over my apartment. So I've had it up to here with vacuums I tell ya! Up to HERE! I do some research, and I stumble upon this Bissell. I'm a little angry to spend $80 on a cleaning product instead of something fun, but my house is a dusty mess and my carpet has gone from what was a nice white to having ugly grey and brown spots. So, regrettably, I buy it. After my first use with this vacuum, that regret turned into instant satisfaction and I will never turn back no matter what you say. Nope. MAN has my life been easier. Push this thing over a spot and it vacuums it up. Done. Take the pod off, dump it with a button over the trash can, out the dust goes. No dust rocks spitting up all over me. No missed spots anymore. No washing anything. Just dump it out and get on with your life. The hose actually works with the extension it comes with darnit. It WORKS. Did I mention how there is almost no cat hair around my apartment anywhere? Well that's because there's not anymore because this vacuum is SO GOOD. ...Okay it's not that good but if you see it on the floor, you can get it. No more dusty floors, no more linty carpets. NUNNADAT. I love this vacuum--four words I never thought I'd be typing. I have owned it for OVER A YEAR now and it is the most reliable electrical home appliance I have come to own.
0,I purchased this vacuum about 6 months ago. I have one bedroom that is carpeted, and the rest of my home is wood floor with area rugs. I clean my floors regularly. The machine worked very well for about three months. It was very exciting to know the machine was so effective, as evidenced by the clear dirt cup. It stopped working so well, developed a strange whistle sound. It still picks up dirt, but not like it did. I carefully cleaned the machine, checked for clogs, c1,Works really well. I bit more noisy than i thought it was but not disappointed.
0,Just as expected. Vacuum with OnePasscould have been more competitively priced.
1,Easy to clean the vacuum cleaner. Good suction power and comfortable to handle.
1,The only thing I wish it could do was steam clean but it works great otherwise!
1,Great vacuum, it cleans so well with just one pass. Its definitely worth buying
1,Made the Jump to bagless and am never looking back. Best vacuum around for 80$.
1,Great value for the money & it picks up everything on our carpet or tile floor!
1,Best buy... Exceptional cleaning capability. Easy to empty;;NO BAGS TO DISPOSE.
1,Works great; I can't imagine what a $500 vacuum would do that this one doesn't.
1,I love this vacuum!! Picks up lots of stuff that you can't see, and just great!
1,You wouldn't believe the dirt it picked up after I vaccuumed with my other vaccuum, which is a dirt devil. It has an easy empty canister. It makes killer lines in the carpet (love that), and you can get right up to the baseboard. Easy to carry upstairs too. All the attachments you need are included.
1,We love this vacuum! I was afraid it would be too heavy but it runs very smoothly and has a large capacity for dirt. It is easy to empty the canister and it was such a great deal. Well worth it for the price.
0,Very powerful, fairly easy to empty. Well built. Great for carpet and good general performance make it a good vacuum for the price, however very poor flat floor performance - without carpet to get in the way, the vacuum will kick loose dirt (such as crumbs) out the back directly at your feet due to its high speed rotating brush, if you are bare foot you can feel your feet being pelted with high speed micro debris. Unit is also relatively heavy, awkward on stairs and lacks a retracting cord (which is fairly short too) - but that's true of most vacuums. Cord and power switch placement on the unit is poor, as both are nearer the bottom of the unit instead of near the handle. Overall recommended for the price, provided you will mainly use on carpet.
1,This is a good vacuum, very efficient and easy to use. I have a 970 squarefeet apartment, and this vacuum is perfect for this space. For this price, this is a very good product! I recommend.
1,I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She lives just off campus in a house with several other girls. They all love it and say that it works great and is easy to use!! I liked the price for a good quality cleaning job!
1,It does work rather well. Not sure how to handle it when it sucks a throw rug in. It's like a relentless carpet eater. Power switch is in an uncomfortable place to use, I have to bend down to reach it, it would have been really nice to have it near the handle or as a foot pedal, but then again, you can't beat the price for the power it has.
1,Just arrived. There was no problem with assembly. The attachments and how they mount to the vacuum leave a bit to be desired, but at the same time lend to it being a bit lighter in weight than our old bissel. The nice thing is that the parts are interchangeable from the old to the new. Otherwise, it's a great vacuum. We have 3 cats and it has proven itself. All in all, a good buy. For the price I'd be hard pressed to find better.
1,Excellent vacuum with unbelievable suction. Only reasn I didn't give it 5 stars is I'm still getting used to it being an upright, I have had an Electrolux canister vac for 40 years that was great. At $79.00, this is an unbelievable value. Bought one for my daughter and she loves it, too!
0,This is a piece of crap!!!! Don't waste your money on this vacuum cleaner. I bought mine less than two months ago and it keeps blowing dust and loosing suction. On top of that the belt keeps coming off the part that holds it and you have to take the entire bottom off to put it back on . Really a pain in my butt. Won't be buying anything Bissell ever again. I rate one star because I have to and it did work for the first few times.
1,Great deal and excellent vacuum. I was shocked/horrified by the amount of dust/dirt/hair this vacuum picked up, despite how I regularly clean my apartment. I'm willing to be that my allergies will get better now that I'm using this!
1,This vacuum cleaner is great! I decided to go with this vacuum because of the reviews saying how good and powerful it is. I can attest that this vacuum is truly very powerful and a great vacuum especially for the price. And it comes with a lot of accessories that come in handy. I would definitely recommend this vacuum.
0,I think I received a dud. I couldn't assemble it, as the points where the handle line up to attach to the bottom were not aligned. It was clunky feeling and heavier than I expected. I can't speak to the performance, as I never turned it on. The dust bin was very difficult to remove. It seemed as if everything was slightly askew. After having a friend try to assemble it to confirm I wasn't overlooking something, I returned it for a refund
1,Updated review March 2015. I've had this vacuum for over a year and a half and I still *love* it. It's powerful and efficient - it cleans dust and cat hair out of my carpet expertly well. When I first tried it, I vacuumed my floor with the old Dirt Devil and then vacuumed again with this one--It got more than a cup of dust and dirt out of the carpet that the Dirt Devil missed. Now, each time I vaccum my 600 sqft apartment (every two weeks) the canister fills 2/3 of the way - I'm always amazed by how much dust accumulates so quickly! I do have two small cats, but I take my shoes off at the door, so I don't feel like we create an exceptional amount of debris. That said, I feel the vacuum gets every last particle out of the carpet. I've tried the vacuum on hardwood floors, and it does just okay. You can adjust the vacuum according to pile height and there is even an option for bare floors. Again, it does okay, but it flings more dense particles backward at your legs. (Like kitty litter--a few stray rocks were on the bathroom floor and the vacuum just wasn't efficient at removing them.) It works well on my hand-hooked rug, though, which is *very* low pile. Overall, though I don't recommend this vacuum for wood/concrete/tile floors, I very highly recommend it for carpeted floors. I would definitely purchase it again.
1,This vacuum works so well it's disgusting! I had no idea how little my old vacuum was picking up before I traded up for this one; this one seriously cleans and fills the canister more quickly and completely than i'd care to admit. It's addicting to watch, and I've now found myself looking for excuses to vacuum for both myself and others.
1,This machine picks up exactly as expected. We are a pet free home with wall to wall carpeting in several rooms. "Senior" couple but DH has a habit of tracking in dirt and sand and this picks it all up very well. Easy to move around and the hose is just long enough to use the attachments to get into those tough places. Nice not having to buy bags all the time.
1,We have 3 dogs, husky, dob/lab mix, and a poodle/ Boston mix. Hairy house! This vacuum is amazing so far. I was extremely grossed out after using this vacuum and it picked up so much more dirt and hair that our old vacuum left behind. Hopefully this will last. Worth the $ and fast shipping
0,You get what you pay for; it's nice for when company is pulling in the driveway and you need something really quick and easy, so I would not return it! However, it's pretty weak and does not pick up well enough for call ahead guests!
1,I only have carpet in a few rooms in my house, one being the living room and my sons room. This vacuum got the carpets CLEAN. For the price of this vacuum I was extremely surprised!
1,2 months. So far so good. We have a 4 story house. Lots of stairs to bring this vacuum up and down. It is light so it's not an issue for my wife or father. We mainly have wood floors and area rugs. Cleans both very well. First time we used it on the area rugs we were amazed to see what our previous stick vacuum was not picking up. Read up on this vacuum before we bought it and mostly found positive information1,I bought this for my 14 year old grandson whose job is to vacuum the upstairs hallway once a week. We have had it only two weeks, but he seems to be doing just fine with it. I asked him if he had any comments and he said, "It's OK". For him, that is high praise as he has Aspergers and doesn't express himself much.
1,Used for thick carpeted apartment to clean up tons of pet hair from my dog shedding throughout the summer. Had to empty the container a few times as expected, but this is just as good, if not better, than when I used a Dyson Pet Vacuum for 4x the amount of money spent. It isn't very heavy either and the container pops out of the front and has a dump lid at the bottom so you don't have to touch anything. Replacement filters and belts are pretty cheap too, but I haven't gotten to the point where I need to change either one of those. Can run a bit hot, so just turn it off and wait a bit before using it again if needed. I can go over my apartment a few times before it gets that warm though. I have allergies because of my dog's shedding, so this was a cheap miracle worker. For how inexpensive it is, I wouldn't even be mad if I had to replace it next year. Currently works like a charm.
1,So impressed with this vacuum. I bough this to replace my 3yr old bagless vacuum that had a breaking wheel. I thought my vacuum worked fine... Boy was I wrong I did a 5 foot section of the living room & I was genuinely surprised with how much dirt & dust it picked it. I live in the desert with desert landscaping & have 3 dogs so dirt & dust is always a problem but I had just vacuumed the day before & there's no way it was all from one day. It had to be stuff that my old vacuum didn't get. Solar far I'd say it's a fabulous vacuum at a very reasonable price.
1,We were on the fence about getting this vacuum or a Shark, and we went with this one because it got great reviews and came at a great price. Our house has both hardwoods and carpet, as well as several rugs to protect the hardwoods. We really like about this vacuum that it's light and has pretty good suction. We have two cats, one of which sheds in a major way. This does a really good job on the cat hair and almost everything else we throw at it. I also like the turbo brush extension. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it does tend to throw cat litter a little bit when vacuuming over the area rugs. This is pretty minor to me as as second pass usually takes care of it. I would also like it if the extension hose were a little more flexible as it takes some effort to stretch it when using it. This is a great buy, especially considering that our former vacuum bit the dust in a hard way, and even at it's newest, it didn't compare to this one. All things considered, I'd buy it again and I'm glad we chose this one over the more expensive Shark.
1,Tried it out and it picks up dirt! I have to admit for $70 I wasn't too sure how well it would work. And I really preferred another one that was a couple hundred dollars more. It doesn't have all of the bells and whistles like others but they would have a hard time picking up any more dirt than this one. Plain but very functional. And if you can buy a household product that does the job well, without pulling out a credit card, then why would you? Husband loves it. He had just vacuumed with our old vacuum cleaner after a couple days visit with our grandsons and tried this one. We were shocked at how much dirt this vacuum pulled out of our carpet. And we're a couple of those people who can't stand a dirty house. So needless to say, this vacuum is a keeper!
1,It's a really nice vacuum for the price. Powerful and picks up a lot of dirt and dust. It has all of the important accesories to help clean the corners and tough to reach spots. Very easy to empty the container. Only problem I've had is that even when adjusted to the highest level of the ground I can't use it on a relatively thick rug. It gets jammed up because it's still too close and has too much power. Not a big deal for me because it's a small rug but if you have very thick, heavy carpet, this might not be the best option.
1,I have been using this vacuum of awhile now. It works well, is light enough for me to handle without strain, and is easy to clean and empty the container. The hose on the back which can be disengaged for crevice cleaning is rather short and stiff. The brush also continues to run even when the hose is disengaged, which can over brush and damage carpet if left to long in one spot. I have learned to tilt the vacuum while cleaning with the hose so it doesn't damage the carpet, which might be a hassle but since the hose is so short I would have to tilt it anyway so it's a moot point I suppose. The small rotating brush tool I have used on carpeted stairs but I am unsure of its effectiveness. When you press it down hard enough for the suction to pick up debris, the air flow restricts and the brush stops spinning. One point I found rather comical, listed among its many features is a quick release cord device, sounds fancy, all it means is that the top hook of the cord storage twists down so you can slide off the cord instead of unwinding it. While I do appreciate the feature, it's not exactly advanced technology. I do like the washable filters, I have cleaned and washed them several times and they have held up very well. I haven't had to replace them yet and I have had it almost two years. Maybe I should have already but it still works fine. I do not have pets so I can't speak to its effectiveness on pet hair and/or dander. I deducted 1 star for the hose, that's the only thing that I have issues with, it really is rather limited. For every week use, regular plain old carpet vacuuming, it has been a very good tool.
1,This vacuum has great suction and is (scarily) showing me how much dirt was in my carpeting. I do like that I can see how much with the clear canister. The main attachment looks just like the bottom of your vacuum. It works really, really well, but I'm pretty sure it would shred your fingers if they got too close. I highly recommend that children not use that attachment!! The only things I don't like about this vacuum is that the on/off switch is halfway up the left side...kind of awkward to use, but maybe only because my last vacuum had the switch on the bottom for your foot to use. I'm sure I'll get used to it eventually. The other thing is that the hose is accordion-like, and pretty tight. When you go to stretch it out to reach, the entire vacuum comes with it. I'm hoping that will stretch out a bit with time. Otherwise, I do recommend it, it does a great job for a reasonable price, and I'm glad I bought it. :)
1,Great deal for under $70. Much happier with this vacuum than the Dyson we bought several years ago. The Bissell is a much better deal. Plenty of suction. The cons: 1) on-off switch is too low on the side 2) cord needs to be closer to the top of the handle (easily remedied with a twist tie) 3) extension hose is stiff and a bit too short Bottom line: great vacuum for the price and we can live with the cons.
1,Can we say INCREDIBLE? I have mostly wood flooring in my apartment minus my bedroom. I was trying to avoid paying for a vacuum and thought one of those tiny dust devil floor vacuums would do the job--I have never been more wrong. I ran across my bedroom with this repeatedly and I was horrified. The dirt tank was almost completely filled with hair/dust/dirt. (May I add, I'm a cat owner) Long story short, buy this vacuum it's absolutely worth the price.
1,I've been using it for about six months, so far I have no problem at all. I like it because it's not too noisy, it has filter that you can wash and reuse and most of all it's easy to clean the tank. Oh... and it's pretty light, too.
0,This vacuum works very well and has excellent suction and practical attachments; however, it is dangerous when using the hose with any attachments. It has a high center of gravity and topples over as soon as the hose is stretched about halfway (about 1-2 feet) to it's limit, which makes it unsafe to use any attachments without constantly dragging the vacuum with you. For some reason, the vacuum will not roll towards the hose as it is being pulled straight back - it just falls over. This vacuum has fallen on me multiple times while cleaning the baseboards or under furniture, hitting me in the back, the leg and the last straw was today when it hit me on the back of the head and left a bump. I will continue to use the vacuum for floor cleaning only, but it is absolutely not safe to use any attachments and stretch the hose safely. Very disappointed!
1,Bought this to replace a previous Bissell that I wasn't terribly happy with, but I thought I'd give their brand another try after reading the great reviews on pretty much every site that sells it. I was surprised it work as well as it did. I've owned it a month and am still impressed. It picks up dirt and dog hair on every vacuuming and doesn't seem to have any issues. Maintenance on the vacuum has been simple enough, rinse and let the filter dry, no other required maintenance at this point.
1,I needed a temporary vacuum (aka cheap) in a pinch. I never got around to buying a full size vacuum because this model meets all my needs. With two dogs and three cats, I consider myself an expert in vacuuming pet hair! Also, compared to my last model (a larger Bissell, alas older model....) this tank is easier to empty and have arrow to realign when taking out the interior piece. This is also very light to carry to different levels. I love that technology is getting better and allows me to afford a good, Dyson comparable vacuum.
0,I love how well it cleans but the top latch has a problem staying shut. It doesn't want to latch right anymore it drives me crazy getting it to latch. Now it won't latch at all have not used that much kept clean but latch on top part. Will call.
1,This thing is absolutely fantastic! I have two rabbits, lots of hair, mess, and this thing is like a vortex, it sucks it all right up. It was cheap and perfect for all the use and abuse I put my vacuums through. No bags, dumping is super easy and filter is wash-able. So yeah! I love it!
1,Great price for this vacuum and I was floored by how much dirt this vacuum sucked up. it didn't look like our carpet was that dirty but in only a small area there was 3 inches of dirt in the vacuum. we have a dog and its mud season so you can imagine we need a good vacuum. the suction is fantastic. highly recommended. Duller purple than shown but other than that is exactly as shown.Somewhat heavy.
1,Fantastic vacuum for the price. Scary what it sucked up from the rug...and I vacuum probably 3-4 days a week. Nice and lightweight. Easy 2 aseemble (2 screws) and all the other attachments snap into place.
0,I bought this based on price and reviews, because I needed something that would be good on our low-pile area rugs without scratching our hardwood floors. Though it was hard to push around the rugs, it did a good job of cleaning up. However, on its second use it began to smoke and smell like burnt rubber. I thought perhaps it had been overused, so I turned it off and let it sit for a few days; but the smoke and burnt rubber smell happened again the next time I used it. Maybe this was just a defective one-off, but I would not buy it again and am turned off the entire Bissell brand.
1,Can't think of anything I would change about this. It's relatively lightweight (I'm quite petite and it's hard to lug around a huge vacuum) but powerful, the cord is long enough that I can vacuum the largest room in my house without having to switch outlets, and the lint trap is incredibly easy to change. (No annoying bag!) It's also much quieter than my old vacuum, which is nice when you have small kids and dogs. UPDATE 3/26/14: The belt that turns the motor broke after just under six months. We called the nearest service center, but unfortunately, Bissell's limited warranty does not include "normal wear and tear," only manufacturing errors. (The belt breaking in less than six months of normal use is normal wear and tear? Okay...) It's an inexpensive fix and I'm still happy with the vacuum when it's working, but it might not be a good long term solution.
1,I love this vacuum. It is lightweight. It removed things from the carpet the other more expensive ones have left behind. I used the older vacuum; and dust would settle on furniture because it had be stirred up, but not captured in cleaner. This inexpensive vacuum is the best I have owned. I use it a lot. It does not have long cord and vacuum reach for accessories, but I will take this with what it does have and do. Very, very, satisfied.
0,I should have paid more attention to the one star reviews. They were all consistent with their issues (belt retention problems) for this model. I too started having problems right away (within a couple weeks) with the belt coming off the metal drive shaft (not the beater brush). Others were correct, with just a few uses, the metal shaft starts to bend and the belt slips off. Simply straightening the shaft only provides a temporary fix. Eventually I used a metal L-bracket to act as a brace for the shaft and that seemed to be a solution. However, tonight the vacuum finally lost most of it's suction ability (even after careful cleaning of the filters and dust bin). Like others have done, within only a couple of months, this vacuum is going into the trash bin. Too bad, because I like BISSELL steam cleaners. However, their vacuum cleaners may have some unfortunate design issues.
0,I HATE this vacuum. HATE IT. I ordered it based on the great reviews, and I don't know if I got a defective one, but it is awful. I tried it out for a year. Whenever I vacuum, all the parts fall off...brushes, wand, etc. including the filter on the bottom. Slides right out. The hose is WAY too short. The suction was ok at first, now it can't even pick up a rubberband. Whenever I try to vacuum the carpet, and I have the hose tucked into it's spot, does it stay there? Of course not! It has to flop around all over the place and finally ends up on the floor! SO aggravating. All the little dirt particles shoot out the back. The weirdest thing is even if I have it upright and am trying to use the hose, the brushes keep moving and suck up the rugs. It's just terrible, and I only vacuum at most once a week. Do most emphatically NOT recommend.
1,We've had this vacuum for about 3 years now. It just blew out on us, but we're buying another of the exact same model- we figure it has MORE than paid for itself. We have 3 dogs who shed heavily, and we usually sweep our entire house (2000 sqft) two to three times per week- including the fabric furniture. This thing picks up EVERYTHING. Not a trace of dog hair or dirt after we're finished sweeping. It's also pretty good at moving from high pile carpet, to low pile carpet, to bare floor. Another thing I like about this is the "toothbrush" attachment- it is perfect for picking up dog hair. All in all, for $80 bucks this thing is perfect!
1,Amazing vacuum. Just amazing. This vacuum should be priced way higher for the excellent job it does in just One pass. But please dont raise the price lol. Just for future buyers, get a spare belt with your order, I broke my belt when I sucked up a nylon string. (My fault, not the vacuums). Happy I bought this one
1,I was looking for a new vacuum because I could see a fine layer of cat hair on my carpet after vacuuming. I searched specifically for a "pet hair" vacuum. I saw this one and the reviews looked good so I went for it. PEOPLE! This is a FANTASTIC vacuum! How sad is it that I get this excited over a vacuum, but seriously, this thing is...again I say...fantastic. I had already vacuumed with my old vacuum when I went back over it with this. I just the living room and main bedroom it picked up THREE CANISTERS of dirt and (mostly) cat hair! I was fascinated in a disgusted sort of way. Now granted, I've only had this for about a week so there is plenty of time for problems to pop up, but so far so good. It is quieter than my old vacuum, also, which is a plus, and I don't feel it is any heavier to haul up and down stairs. Highly recommend.
1,Bought this as a temporary vacuum while we waited for the movin1,Perfect! I use this every day for chat whit my girlfriend.
1,Saves me the trouble of running the annoying Facebook app.
0,I like nothing about it nor does anyone I have talked with
0,don't like it. it doesn't seem to work on my kindle at all
1,Works on my smart phone, and does what it says it will do.
1,It works perfectly for my kindle fire &#60;3 I love it
0,Developers on both Amazon and Facebook, fix your s***.
1,Love my new Baio Bag. Can't wait to hit the lake with it.
0,I don't like to use it on my phone it invaded everything.
1,Love it I can connect and see my family in another state.
1,I don't know about the others bad reviews,but its working on my kindle fire 5th generation
0,Since the last updates, the app bogs down and NO videos will load... ever.
0,Every time I open this app it just goes white than dumps me out.
0,This is a very hand app if you are social on fb, but it's constantly crashing on my Kindle Fire. Looks like its an uncommon thing compared to other people experience with it, but for me, it's keeping me from really enjoying the app. I find myself having to uninstall it, then reinstall it weekly, and it's annoying. Hopefully there's an update to help me in the near future.
0,I downloaded this on my android and on my kindle. Every time I turn my kindle on, it "catches up" with every single message I did on my phone, instead of continuing where it should have left off, regardless of device I typed it on. It is very irritating. And it kills my battery then waiting for them to all come through and quit flashing.
0,Didn't work for me on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus with Android 4.0. Would cause the tablet to freeze. I had to get another app that works perfectly, Go!Chat. Sorry Facebook, but you didn't DO IT this time.
0,Can someone find me the fb app for fire phone?
0,My calls are being drop wish I could say better
0,Read the permissions first before you download
0,You don't put Android on the tablet and force us to use your o/s which by the way is inferior, greatly to Google Android; and the app does nothing but FORCECLOSE, to those who aren't techies it's junk, unusable on Fire O/S (what Kindle tablets run on) - why leave it available? Furthermore, the Facebook app doesn't notify you whenever a new FB message comes in. This is pathetic and someone who knows some code could get with FB and your developers and fix the problem. Users, until you see people posting positive remarks don't download...usr a pc, Mac, or Android phone or tablet. This is silly Amazon.
1,Like communicating with friends
0,I don't understand how it works
1,Very convenient, no complaints.
0,Does not work on my Kindle.....
1,I love it.. great for kids too.
1,ri love it and it easy to setup
1,Wonderful! Absolutely love it.
1,Like it a lot better than chat.
1,Still getting familiar with it.
0,Fix the bubble and It will be 5
0,not a fan that i had to download messanger. it was not always like that as there are people that are on my list that dont have this app. and i dont use FB on my phone. I am not getting anything "notifying me" of messages i get, or maybe i just havent gotten any yet? not a fan i guess
1,Wonderful to have! It alerts me anytime someone messages me making it much easier. I'm not a frequent Facebook user, so normally I don't realize I've been messaged until several days later. With this to alert me though, I am now able to respond to people in a much more prompt fashion and never need to worry if I should check Facebook or not.
0,I hate that you need an app that doesn't even work on my phone so I have to install it on my kindle just in case people want to communicate with me. Requiring this stupid app is my biggest First World Problem, so I can't really complain. But I do hate it.
0,After using this app on my phone I decided to put it my Kindle Fire. I then removed it because it has a small blue bar saying to tap on bubbles to see messages. Great if the blue bar would only show when a message actually popped up. I couldn't remove it and then I couldn't browse the internet. Once I took it off my device no problems
0,Does not work on the AMAZON KINDLE FIRE. Really ?????????
0,It was a good app up until about a week ago. I used to be able to view gifs on messenger that my friends sent with other applications. Every time I scroll over a gif now messenger force closes, or my Kindle restarts. This was fine at first, I just used my phone to go through and delete the gifs, but now it's constantly force closing when I try to open up a chat. Facebook Messenger is my main way of communicating with friends, so this is extremely annoying when I can't talk to anyone due to all the force closing.
1,I was skeptical about even getting a second Facebook app, but I quickly came to like this one a lot once I finally downloaded it. It works perfectly with my Amazon Fire phone. But Facebook, how about helping out our Kindle friends??
1,I've never used messenger until I got a Kindle Fire over the weekend. One of the first apps I downloaded was this one, and it works great. I love being able to connect with friends faster and not have to be on Facebook itself every time.
0,1: This app is actually compatible with the Kindle Fire. 2: I like the interface, it's smooth and straightforward. 3: It crashes too often. 4: I can't log out of my account through it... 5: Some messages take way too long to load.
0,When I open it my kindle just goes white and will stay white for eternity if you let it. I've redownloaded it twice and restarted the kindle as well. Other reviews say it doesn't work on kindle, but my sister has a kindle and it works for her.
0,So sad!New Fire,no Facebook mess.?
0,Not compatible with Kindle Fire HD.
0,Haven't used it enough to rate yet.
1,It works great seem to have privacy
1,I like it ok. Think it is private .
1,Fast easy. Works fine on my kindle.
0,Doesn't work with Amazon Fire Phone
1,This works perfect with my Fire HD!
1,I am new to it but am happy so far.
1,i olve everything I get from amazon
0,It sucks
0,it work's
1,Excelente
1,its great
1,very well
1,excelente
1,great app
1,Excelente
1,I like it
1,Like alot
1,This is just sort of necessary. It works and it works well, so if you plan on using facebook messenger to talk to friends you just sort of need to get this.
1,It works fine for me,so I'm not complaining.
1,This keeps me in touch with my family. Love!
1,Great for my Kindle since I can't text on it
0,App works well. I just hate the idea of it.
1,It's downloads it take a while to downloads
0,This app nor the facebook app are working.
0,Will let you know,when I find out......;-)
0,Camera in chat crashes my messenger/camera
1,I love this app... Its convenient???...
1,Excellent
1,l love it
1,Enjoy it.
1,real good
1,I love it
1,Excelente
1,Great App
1,Thank you
1,Excellent
1,LOVE IT!!
1,As I learn technology, this new app is going to make it easier for me to message certain friends.
0,Annoying. Constantly comes back asking to be installed. No matter how often I cancel or delete.
1,This is a good app I think u should download it its quick and works I believe I'm downloading now
0,I hate this do not get it it is so slow and bad and you should not get it beca Lise it is slow no
1,Messenger is the best thing since text. Group messaging, stickers, animated gifs... It's amazing.
1,I'm really happy with the app. You can instantly connect and the video chat works extremely well.
1,Great way to communicate with others when you do not have the internet options on your cell phone
0,Good for what it does, though I noticed a considerable drain on my battery once I'd installed it.
0,I use to be able to have the see shared pictures option in a chat, but now I do not . Please fix.
1,Not much else I can add that others haven't already said - if you are on FB you are on Messenger.
1,Great
1,Great
1,likly
1,Great
1,Easy!
1,Great
0,Sucks
0,Great
0,Sucks
1,Great
0,Can't use it on my kindle so really no use to me
1,Granddaughter uses to call when she has internet
0,Nobody's talked to me yet, I have no friends...
1,Not bad, very few glitches. Works as advertised.
1,This is a very versatile social networking tool.
1,Just started to use. Great results. Easy to us1,Love it.
1,Good app
1,It works
1,it works
0,Nice app
1,Perfect!
0,It works
1,Good app
0,not sure
1,Excelent
1,A great app.works great on my kindle.helps to keep in touch with people.
1,Great app to connect as a text instead of using Facebook to communicate.
0,It's a useful & quick method of conversation and to connect with others.
1,quick, fun, with a great video chat option that's a joy to use, love it!
1,Great......still just learning the ropes, but I am enjoying the new app.
0,I tried to load this on my Kindle Fire numerous times and it won't load.
1,Great service. To get a. Unvalable person with data of important nature.
1,It's great having it on my Kindle. I wish it was free on my smart phone.
1,Facebook Messenger works just as good as the old MSN Explorer messenger.
1,This app makes it possible to text my son and his fiance in New Zealand.
1,This app does not work for other people on their kindle fire which confuses me. Mine works perfectly fine I just dont see the problem people are having :(
1,Place this app on my Kindle Fire HD and my Samsung tablet and they coordinate beautifully! Now I can get messages on my cell phone, Kindle and my tablet!!
1,Wife uses Facebook Messenger on Kindle and android phone to call her friends and sister abroad. All the girls use it in place of regular cell phone calls.
1,This is nice, when you get off facebook (on my Kindle Fire too) and the symbol pops up with a message, you do not miss someone trying to reach you! COOL!
0,Does not let me use the chat head, no notifications unless you hear it beep, you wouldn't know if u had a msg. User needs to constantly check for msgs....
0,It's okay but I don't trust Facebook with my private information. There are other chat mediums that perform better and provide a better level of security.
1,TO USE CHAT BUBBLES: Navigate to app settings, tap on 'Chat Heads', Disable 'Hide when using full screen apps'. It works perfectly after doing my instructions above, and is quite smooth. Hope this helped :)
1,great app. Nice convenience to see on the desktop screen if I have a message verse having to go to internet and login to website. recommend this app
1,It works great for me. My daughter has limited texting on her plan, but she has Facebook Messenger and this way we can text as much as we want. Thanks!
1,This works really good on my kindle. Very happy with it. I would recommend to anyone on facebook!! Fast and easy way of chatting with friends and family.
1,I love this app. It is the only way I get to talk to my husband, who is a truck driver and we never know where he is going to be.
0,this app is great for talking to my friends and stuff. but the chat bubble wouldn't popup when I'm on seperate games. plz fix!!!1!
0,This sucks I thought it would work when I saw the 5 stars but Facebook is crap for not letting the kindle users able to use it!!!!
1,Love this!! A little picture of the person pops up to let you know someone has messaged you. No need to be on Facebook to see it.
0,Would not install on my Kindle Fire. "Corrupted', was the message. Demand a refund! Wait Wait twas free! Worth every farthing!
1,Everyone says this is not compatible with kindle fires??! I have the newest kindle fire ands it works great on it thanks Facebook!
0,The fact that I NEED to download this to actually check Facebook messages is FRACKING ANNOYING. Build it into one App - seriously.
0,are you serious ?????is there anything the kindle fire can do? I jhave had 10. in 3 years!!!!! makes great doorstops not much else
0,Downloaded on Kindle and it caused havoc. Couldn't delete people or conversations. And the Kindle made phone calls WTH. Deleted it
0,I think it's f****** ridiculous that we are now forced to have messenger 1 it takes up space on the cell phone I say get rid of it
0,Despite negative reviews about not working on the Kindle Fire I decided to try anyway. Yeah no, BIG mistake. Really Amazon, you offer an App in store thru my Kindle, but it fails to mention non-compatibility with the Fire itself?! How sad that both you and FB couldn't figure this out in well over a year.
0,I hate it. It's the most annoying app I've ever dealt with but I have no choice if I want people to be able to privately message me. Popping up on my screen when I'm busy with something else? Stupid. If I read it it shows the other party that it's been read, so now I'm rude for not immediately getting back to them. There's enough of that with texting. This app is a giant pain.
1,I've never had any problems with this app on the kindle fire. It's fast and the notifications work just fine. I've had more problems with it failing to work on android devices, but perhaps that's because they have less memory.
0,I'm it a huge fan of separate apps for the same overall app. But I do enjoy chat heads. Unfortunately chat heads don't seem to work at all with the kindle fire HDX 7". Which is sad since it's the only redeeming feature.
0,We all know messenger was better when it was still part of fb. Now it eats m.b. faster then ever and I see nothing different but more problems. Same as fb. M says it 1.7 g.b app but you end up with close to fourth and it's constantly turning itself on using data you didn't auth. Garbage app
0,It works for the &#34;Amazon Fire Phone&#34; all though I was sketched out over the controversy about how it used through the government to be In Our business, but it isn't true so. Rock on messenger. Oh and besides the fact I have to download messnenger just to reply to my Facebook messages.
0,Very good in keeping everything synced. My only complaint is, is when I have this installed on multiple devices they all go off when I get PM'd or messaged. Wish it had some sort of smart coding or options to only respond to the current device I'm using while keeping all the others synced at the same time.
1,I got this App with ease..was free. But unfortunately I have a Kindle Fire and it has no mike or camera ability. Too bad, but I love my Kindle Fire and will have to wait until I get a new one someday.Up date I recently found out that newer Kindle Fire HD's ARE compatible with FB Messenger! Perfect!.
0,Didn't like it at all. I use a tablet and they make it impossible to get rid of the little face once someone has sent you a message. So I had all these little heads all over my screen. It was ridiculous. Had to delete the app to get rid of them. Do not recommend for tablet users.
0,I don't know why but keeps cutting out on me, maybe they need to do some work on it, on my pc I use an app called easy chat and it works great, so that's what I use on pc, but I can't get it on my tablet because it is windows 10 app.
1,Great App
1,The. Best
1,great app
1,EXCELENTE
1,Five star
1,i like it
1,i like it
1,Excellent
1,all right
1,Excellent
1,I love FB because it keeps me closer to family & friends. Distance is a problem as well as the expenses that tag along with traveling. There are others problems like age & vision that prevent me from driving at night. Thank You FB for putting a smile on my face with all the family pictures and keeping families just a little closer.
0,Always seems to take too long to connect & load, and doesn't accurately reflect if your messages have been seen by the recipient. I usually just check my messages through Facebook online instead because it's easier.
0,1i prefer tumbler or snap chat better than this app but its ok I guess I'm bored zzz zzz zzz
1,This is written from a different point of view which I found very interesting! The story doesn't ignore or emphasize the other aspects of the war which we often hear about. I highly recommend this book even if one doesn't know a great deal about war planes. I very much enjoyed and appreciated this story!
0,I run Facebook on a Kindle Fire with no issues including sending private messages. For some reason, FB Messenger does not run on the Kindle Fire operating system. App needs some further development.
1,Works great, it helps me keep in touch with my friends who do not have phones, and those overseas. App sometimes interferes with other apps that are full screen. The messenger app is at times not accessible.
1,OMG it works for Kindle Fire it takes a whil1,Keeps me in the know with what my friends and family are up to
1,Getting better and better! Much more fun en original messaging
0,Need some instructions for older people. Too much help needed.
1,Quick way of receiving messages vs. email. Use it constantly.
1,I've only used this app a few times and it works like a charm!
1,You all are lying I downloaded it and used it with no problems
0,some of the software over rides my Facebook. Gonna delete it.
1,I was hoping that you could do a few more unique things on it.
0,I can't open a text from Facebook app and my fire phone freeze
0,Don't feel it was necessary for messenger to have its own app!
0,Was not needed for Facebook and I don't like the fact of being forced to download it
1,-1 Star for the mandatory install, but otherwise works a treat once you're used to it.
1,Not my first rodeo with Amazon Kindle. Loved it the first time and I'm loving it now.
1,I like it better than Messenger on IPhone. A bit more NOISEY. Sometimes annoying too.
1,It is really good to quickly keep in touch with others. The emoticons are great to use
1,This is awesome! I am using it on my kindle right now actually!! It works really well!
0,This just an app get get information off you cell phone so that facebook can sale it.
1,I must download to receive messages on FB. Wonderful features like animated stickers.
0,I can't get Messenger on my Kinde Fire . if I knew that? I would not have. Bought it!
0,Please give me the option to delete your constant up date reminder on my Kindle Fire.
1,Love it!!!!!
1,Have to have
0,Doesn't work
1,Very helpful
1,Works great.
1,Works great!
1,Love the ap!
1,easy to use.
1,Great thanks
1,Enjoying it.
0,Works well but freezes from time to time. Amazon Fire
1,Love it. Works great. Wish all my fb friends had it.
0,I like it on my cell phone as I miss fewer messages.
1,Excellent way to communicate with friends on the go.
1,I'm very happy with the product that I buy from them
1,I love this app keeps me in touch with my loved ones
1,Great for calling people when you don't have a phone
1,Have had good connection and no problems with theapp
1,works good and you can make voice calls too for free
1,It works like it's supposed to, what more can I say!
1,Fast, easy to use. Like the fact that it will tell you if other party is on line.
1,I love messenger because Ican communicate w my family in Peru my original country
1,Works awesome. Use it to make voice phone calls to our kid stationed in Okinawa.
0,Deleted. Wanted access to my phone files & contacts. No privacy settings control.
0,While this app works great on my phone...it does not work on the Kindle Fire HDX.
1,Works in a pinch when I'm away from my computer and someone needs to contact me.
1,I just wish the chat heads would quit crashing, other than that it's a great app
1,Pretty self explanatory. This is the Facebook messenger app and works just fine.
1,Amazing. I don't understand what you people are complaining about it works fine.
1,FB Messenger is ok, but it needs a little more merging with messenger it's self!
1,nice and quick
1,I love you mnm
1,Best app ever.
1,Best appp ever
0,NO KINDLE FIRE
0,I dont like it
0,so far so good
1,So far so good
1,As I expected!
0,Stopped woking
1,It alerts me to any Facebook private messages and it is free. Just got it the other day. I'm guessing that is all it does. Hit the button and it takes you to your message.
0,I kept it on my kindle for about a week. It kept freezing my kindle, finally resulting in no programs opening at all. I deleted the app and everything went back to normal.
0,I didn't really care for the icon being on my Kindle screen all the time when I was doing other things. I find that I keep turning it off. I will probably uninstall it.
1,I like talking to people I know, but I do not want stranger men try picking me out, to old for that at 61 years of age, I don't know how to stop it requesting me to end.
0,sometimes it crashes and I have to restart my cellular other then that its okay. think this app needs much work but it might just be that it does not go well with my cel
0,What's wrong with texting? I'm fully capable of switching back and forth between Facebook and my texting app. I don't like that they force this battery sucking app on me.
0,Every time I scroll through my feed if there's a video it freezes the app it doesn't crash or anything it just freezes and stops working complete garbage because of that.
0,Error downloading on 7 inch fire tablet, ironically, it downloaded just fine on my husbands exact same model, on the same network, connected to the same account. Help???
1,Just an ap but it works great on the kindle ! I don't use ap's on my kindle but I do use Messenger and Facebook- I never inte ever to use the kindle for aps I should say.
1,hshsj jays. jsusj hsjsb. shshsus. sushehd. shsysu hshsgs hshdhs gshdhs hshdhe hdhdhd hdhdhd hdhdhd hshshs hshshdh hshdhdg hshshsh hshsgdh hshdhdg bdhdgdh hdhdhdh hdhdyd
0,After seeing a post on my Kindle Tablet, I will have the picture of the person last spoken too keep popping up and wont close completely. I have to reboot the tablet to get rid of it. But it does make communication with some people easier but not sure I would have downloaded this to my tablet if I knew the "cons" and not just the "pros".
1,Use it ALL THE TIME. It sure came in handy recently when I had to be without a phone for 2 weeks. My son was changing cellphone providers. He lives 500 miles away from me & travels all over the Western US for his work. I mailed him my phone & it took 2 weeks before I received my new one. It was horrible being without a phone. But, thanks to Facebook Messenger, I wasn't completely disconnected to all my friends & family. It's user friendly & the auto correction is the smartest one I've used. And did I mention that it's free? Yes, it's really free. Try it. You have nothing to lose.
1,This game is captivating, does not get boring and is great for improving memory and visual skills. My husband and I both enjoy without spending money. It has plenty of rewards that you can cash in for more game time. Love it!
0,Just downloaded this finally after reading other reviews wasn't going to do it but went ahead . Working on my Kindle Fire Hd good so far . After downloading this facebook messenger and signing in then had to update it. Sent messages to friends the replied back on this app. Even got a message dot on front of my carousel letting me know I received a message back. Hope this continues to work right after all my friends and family are on this now . 3 stars so far cause I haven't had this app downloaded to long on my Kindle Fire Hd . But happy with it right now :) Thanks Amazon for this free app now I can FINALLY join my friends and family on here !!
1,I love face book messenger app on my phone. My phone dings when I get a Facebook message. You don't have to wait until you go online to Facebook to get the message. You can click on the icon and go straight to the message to read the message and reply right from your phone. It is just like using text messaging on your phone. I don't have everyone's cell number that is my friend on Facebook so this makes it easy to get in touch quickly with those friends without having to track down someone who has their number. If you know they are on Facebook often this is the way to get in touch. It works well with my I phone. I haven't found any reason not to continue to use it on my I phone 5S. It was easy to install on my phone and easy to use. It is a good tool for me I use it all the time.
1,The app does its job quite well. There's only one minor problem that has been bugging ever since I had installed this app. For some reason, the app keeps updating itself as much as twice every single day. I'm not sure if it's supposed to do that or if I'm the only one experiencing this. Either way, I'd like some answers. Overall though, solid app.
1,Definitely better for fire hd 6 than iPhone 5... the ability to see the "face bubbles" makes it sooo much easier than opening and closing the app no matter what.. I can't believe iPhones/iPads still make you exit the screen to respond.. I got this for my fire and I love 1,I don't know what people are talking about it works just fine on my kindle. So far no problems. I recommend getting this app
1,My favorite... I wish more of my friends I text with had Messenger. It offers more icons etc than my text from my Samsung 3
0,Please unlock your kindle and support google play out of the box. If not, this might be a deal breaker for me in the future.
1,Works for my kindle fire HD !! It works perfectly!!! I am so excited because I have been wanting to get this on here !!!! :D
1,This app works great for me it easy and help full I don't no why the other review say it's bad it works on my kindle fire HD
0,I'd give it zero stars if I could. Doesn't connect to the internet when I try to open it. Waste of space on my kindle fire!
0,Messenger will not let me copy and paste several times. it says I'm going to fast and facebook has blocked me. I work fast!
0,NANCY JAMEC GONZALES !!!!!2015 I like to go wacth the football. game'sand hung out with my mom being with my boy friend too
1,I love it. Now I can leave messages to my daughter, family and friends. I love when you people take care your customers.'''
1,Just got this app for my fire kindle hd, and I really like it ,its quick and easy to learn. I would recommend it to anyone.
1,Dine
0,good
1,good
1,good
1,cool
0,Good
0,Good
1,good
1,fine
1,good
0,I really do not understand why to be on Facebook, you need to have two separate apps. It's inconvenient and drains my battery. Not to mention, your EXACT GPS location is sent to people you message. I brought this to the attention of Facebook and of course, they deny it, even though I did around five tests. So check your location sharing settings before messaging strangers.
1,Love this app. This is an app that I love having because I don't have to be logged into Facebook to get my messages. This app will keep your family and friends in touch with you even if you are not able to be online. This is one of them apps you cannot go without once you have it. Easy to download, no complications when using it, keeps you in touch with family and friends. This app is free and takes seconds to download.
1,Four stars for working ninety percent of the time. Nice for rural living since SMS won't send or be received. Crashes fairly infrequently. Pictures and videos usually send pretty quickly. Can now choose font colors which is both fun and a nice feature to prevent eye strain. Group chats are handy for communicating with family to arrange schedules, etc.
0,The app itself works pretty well. The only things I don't like is the fact that messenger won't update on my Amazon Fire Phone. Messenger tells me I can update it but when I go to the App Store it only gives me the option to open the app not upgrade it.
1,I've had trouble remembering the process to let me talk directing to my friends, Well Facebook Messenger pops up there face bubble and lets me talk in real time and it sits on my front screen! To Cool! Thanks for the App.
1,Runs a little glitchy on my Samsung Galaxy S3. I've had to uninstall and reinstall a couple times after its frozen up on my. Restart the phone and remove app and redownload seems to fix it for awhile. I love that it runs independently from the facebook app and pops up over other apps when you set that for notification choice I would improve how it runs but I cant live without it on my phone !
0,Really don't like that I need a separate app to view my FB messages and reply to them. Also the little bubble that stays on the screen can be annoying sometimes. Other than that it's an ok app, does what it's supposed to. But again, don't see why it's necessary when it could just be integrated into the FB app.
1,I know I am not alone when it comes to my addiction to keep in touch with my friends and family where ever we are. This messenger is wonderful with chatheads, that show a photo the user is using on their Facebook. I love that it also tells them that I am using mobile instead of being on my PC so they understand I might be driving and unable to reply right away. I like using this instead of text messaging because it keeps us updated and we can all be on the same chat window and stay on it always. Sharing photos and information safely and its saved for later on our PC.
0,This is a very annoying app. I just don't want to be that connected. I have tried to delete it 4 times and it won't go away. It makes noise. Ding ding and I can't shut it up!!! It shows pictures of my friends in places where I don't want to see them and I can't make them go away. I hate this app. I gave it a 1 star because I couldn't give it anything less. I do not recommend this app.
1,Let me just say that i delete my tango account since all the new updates. You can call, video chat or just chat with the facebook messenger. I was annoyed with tango because i was getting msg and calls from strangers, not anymore! Good job facebook, good job.
1,Great
1,Fine.
1,Great
0,works
1,Great
1,Bueno
1,Great
1,Great
1,Great
0,Nosey
1,I love it. It is also awesome because it is free.So you can call and text and post for FREE
0,When I try to call it is static and I can't hear anything could you fix that so I can talk
0,there person I have sent message profile pic stays on my device, cant seem to get them off
0,I'm on a 7 inch fire u think you would make it run , won't even open on my 10 inch kindle
1,Excellent app for communication with Facebook friends. I have had no compatibility issues.
1,It's a quick way getting in touch with friends and receiving messages quick. Like it a lot
0,I don't want to use Messenger unless I know the messages are private. Can anyone tell me?
1,I think Facebook is a wonderful tool when used properly. Not to cause trouble of any kind.
1,I like Facebook messenger because it is fast and easyway to get a hold of someone quickly.
1,Easy way to participate in the Facebook cars w/out having to login in to the official site
0,when receiving a call and i answer it the person don't hear me at all.
0,it doesn't seem to let me connect my tablet to facebbook with my games
1,Don't think I could live without it now that I know what it's about...
1,I really love this version of messenger. Works great with Kindle fire.
0,I really hate that I have to go to a different page to send a message.
1,Had not used the messenger until just recently. Enjoyed it very much.
1,Love it. Now I can stay connected to all my friends on all my devices.
0,Inconvenient, extra app running, doesn't play will with android system
0,I prefer to have just the facebook app, and don't need anything else.
1,love using FB Messenger! Whats not to love. Private and easy to use.
1,Works well
1,I love it.
1,Save cash!
1,I like it.
1,I love it.
1,I like it.
1,Very good.
1,Very happy
1,No problem
1,It's great
1,Works with my facebook, it's fast. It's compatible with my Kindle. 5 stars.
1,I hear people says ,it does not work with Kindle fire,I have had no problem
1,It's Facebook messenger can't tell a difference, really don't use much
1,Love this app! I can get messages even when I am not signed into Facebook.
1,I like this Facebook messenger I get to talk with my family and friends now
0,Would give it no stars if i could. Dont like being forced to use a program.
0,It has some flaws like the conversations getting stucked at your wallpaper.
1,Great except I can figure out how to get notifications when I am not online
1,Very useful messaging app for facebook. Makes the interface more intuitive.
1,Its great it works in amazon kindle and I just updated it like the iPhone 6
1,Use easier than going on fb all the time
1,I use it many times a day!!! Love it!!!
1,Very informative. Entertaining resource.
1,Would highly recommend this for everyone
0,Doesn't work on kindle fire. Thumbs down
1,Loooove this game--- soooo addictive! ?
0,It's ok. Don't use much tho. Space space
1,Light, funny, typically Stephanie Plum!!
1,Pretty easy to use if you have face book
0,Used the app for quite a time. Its good.
1,Love it!
1,Love it!
1,good app
1,lov this
1,Love it!
1,good app
1,Love it.
1,????
1,OoooXxxx
1,Enjoyinh
0,This app will not work with amazon kindle sorry. Gonna need to log on to Facebook and check your mailbox the old fashion way. Oh the horror!
1,After the negative reviews, I decided to try it anyway. It works well on my Fire and sure is easier than typing on that tiny phone keyboard.
0,Since I am online with my Kindle most of the time, this app keeps me informed as to which of my contacts are also online. I really like it!
1,I have a kindle fire and it works perfectly it's a good way to connect with family and friends they just made a video call which is helpful.
1,This app makes seding messages on Facebooks SO much easier and faster. I definitely recommend getting this if you use Facebook for messages.
1,Nice App!! Love it..Its pretty nice for instant messaging..!! Easily accessible and faster than before with pretty good and nice emoticons..
1,This app is great. Helped chat with my friends without logging in to facebook. Helps me keep in touch with my friends immediately. Love it!!
1,I like the app but it still has some bugs like I can't open a new message from the notifications bar, and it's a little slow when I open it!
0,This stupid thing don't work on kindle fire if you have a kindle fire do not get this app it just wants people to get this app and fool them
0,Takes up too much space, works as if it has a mind of it's own. Only gave 2 stars because it is handy when you don't have someone's number.
0,But, I'm passed about the lack of consideration that it has. It has up to the last update, but they are always 1 update behind. Freaking heck
0,From what I heard and read, this does NOT work on a kindle fire HD. So I don't exactly know what to say. So thanks. NOT!, if I don't like it.
0,Thought this might be fixed by now. Facebook use to work on Kindle Fire HD .... What happened with the upgrade and why is it not being fixed?
1,FB messenger is great. I wish there was an editing feature. But I like being able to switch between fb pages an nearly private conversations.
0,It's not compatible with my kindle fire , do you have to get a new kindle fire or it's just not available to all the people who have a kindle
0,I have deleted the App &so should you. It has way too much control over your personal information, location & even your webcam... NOT COOL!!!
1,A very nice product. One no need to struggling with it. It's user friendly. You can use it to call, send pictures, text as well as recording.
1,I keep reading all these opinions and don't understand. I've never had a problem on my Kindle Fire HD. It's always worked beautifully for me.
1,Go to setting except 3rd party apps the go to1 mobile apps it's safe the download th messenger app it works get on my kindle fire HDX 3rd gen
1,Use messenger all the time. Easy way to talk to someone when you need to but do not have their number or send one message to many in a group
1,Use it all the time. Awesome.
1,Too new to give a good opinion
1,Makes staying in touch easier.
0,Does not work on my Kndle Fire
1,better than the mobile version
1,Works on kindle fire awesomely
0,It works for me in kindle fire
1,Very good appreciates this app
1,Quicker than texting, love it!
0,Worthless, full of virus items
0,I don't like some of the security access that they are allowed to have.
1,It's great to get a hold of people a little faster then normal texting.
0,You have no right to all this info! No way am I allowing this install.
0,on my Android phone - it is VERY Slow to open, type, and send messages.
1,I can stay in touch with family and friends who live in other countries
1,I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
1,This is great due to the fact I don't have to be on Facebook to get it.
1,Very good works well but do get the odd time when your call drops away.
0,I'm a novice & it was a little confusing as to what all the icons mean.
1,I like it but I don't know how to use it. Maybe someone could help me.
1,I like it...it shows up when I get a message, and I message a lot with my family and friends, makes it so convenient.
0,WHY DONT IT WORK !!!!!!!!!?!???!????!!!!!!!!$ I really hate the fact that it wont work . I'm really mad I need help .
0,I am forced to download this on my fire phone. It messes with other Facebook functions. I can't view videos. Terrible
0,Since the last update chat heads won't work and I can only read and respond to messages by going into the app itself.
1,Always a pleasure talking to my friends without having to download, delete, and post. NOw the gifs are even more fun.
1,Just called and talked to a cell phone from my kindle fire. Works great+just a little delay. Can't believe I did that
1,Ok, so I've been looking at the reviews and I'm soooo confused. I have a Kindle Fire HD 7 and it works great on mine!
1,It works on my kindle fire 2nd generation great! I love it and the pop up heads allow me to chat while on other apps!
1,Occasionally, even when I have Wi-Fi my message won't send. Other than that, it is a GREAT app!! It's worth getting!
1,It's great I like where I don't have to be actually looking through facebook in order to get my messages and instant
1,I don't know why I waited so long, but I love it!
0,Still needs improvements since its glitches a lot
1,Functions perfectly. No issues here. Works great.
0,Was complicated and hard to understand sometimes.
1,I love Messenger. Very simple and user friendly.
1,Can always be in touch immediately on cell phone.
0,Too many people join in and you can't dismiss it.
0,I didn't think it would work out even on a kindle
0,It has many problems, freezes when trying to open
1,I rarely use it, but when I do it's always there.
1,WORKS GOOD ENOUGH.
1,Nice love it ty !!
1,It's simple to use
1,Love it great idea
1,Good game, try IT.
1,Satisfied customer
0,A pain in the ass.
1,Good, boleh dicoba
1,Works as expected!
1,facebook great app
1,I use messenger all the time glad that kindle has an app for it.
1,I love it other people say I don't work but it works fine for me
1,This is much better for me to use instead of texting on my phone
1,Works great as expected. It. It was also very simple to install.
1,Works great, just like my other messanger apps on phone and ipad
1,I like it because I don't have to sign on at Facebook to use it.
1,Wtf yall talkin about this works highly recommend for any device
1,This is a awesome way it instantly get your messages on Facebook
0,Oh nice job this app won't work on my KINDLE FIRE this app sucks
1,Only started Fri got to get used to it my phone is 81 0 433 3394
1,Works fine for tablet.
1,Quick and easy to use!
1,It's easy and fast....
0,It doesn't always work
1,Best app ever!!!!!!!!!
0,Small, easy to hook up
1,Works well no glitches
1,Good app for a tablet.
0,Doesn't work with fire
1,Well it works for me?
1,Absolutely love this product. I use this extra battery instead of charging my phone. I find trying to open the cover to plug in my charger on my phone a pain. Its much easier for me to change the battery and my phone is always charged and ready to go. Well worth the money
0,There are better facebook chat clients than the official one. This one is bloated full of useless features and just eats up memory and space. I really wish they had kept the integrated facebook chat and hadn't forced people to download an extra client especially for those who have limited storage space.
1,I love this app all of my friends use everyon is talking about how great it is I just cant stop talking about how great I love this app if you see this I hope you download this app because it is amazing wow
1,With the new kindle is update Facebook messenger one runs chat heads smoothly which is a big plus for multi tasking
1,It does not have video calls; but I find Facebook Messenger to be very efficiant when I am messaging with more than one person. I also like that I can be reading an E-book, get a message, answer it, then, get back to reading my book by simply tapping on the profile picture bubble.
0,Pretty bummed about this app. Since I was obligated to download it. Well Facebook took the initiative in doing that. Since the last update my phone no longer plays videos on Facebook and freezes a lot more. Thanks Amazon Fire Phone!
0,it is compatible with a kindle fire! i tried it cause i usually hit sent from messenger0,As soon as I installed it, my tablet started behaving weird. Like it had a virus. The screen would freeze, & it wouldn't let me go onto other apps. I finally removed from my device & the tablet behaved normally.
0,I love having Facebook messenger on my kindle but the only thing is I cannot log out. That prevents privacy from people you don't want reading your conversations. So if you don't want people reading your personal convo's don't download this app until they put a log out on it.
1,I am using it on my Kindle fire HD and it works great. I see a lot of the fuss about it not being compatible with the original Kindle fire, but you must realize that by now, those are considered outdated. It takes way too much time and effort to make things for old and outdated technology. Same reason people no longer build programs for Windows 95, or XP...
1,This app is amazing for the KFHD idk why people hate on this app so much. But back to the point, this app is among especially when you don't have a cell phone and all you have is WIFI and nothing else
0,Can't see any messages, it says there's an error and to try reloading. Changing tabs crashes the app.essage bubbles hide behind the navigation bar. Numerous other problems. No response from facebook on any feedback.
1,Perfect companion to Facebook!
1,I wish I can download this app
0,I no how to heck the settings to my preference but still doesn't notify me in any way or form when I get a message.. I did every setting I could find on fb.. the app itself.. and the kindle itself.. all settings.. and it doesn't work!! wtff how do I fix this? ??? no chat heads pop up.. no noise.. even when idle..
0,It's a damn nuisance. It keeps blocking the right side of the screen, and it performs no function other than taking a feature that worked nicely in the facebook app and putting it in a different (and worse) app.
1,I use this each and every day to keep in touch with my family and friends. My four teenagers may not always get my text messages or so they claim but they always receive my Facebook messages.
0,Won't even load up on brand new Amazon Fire.
1,This app has provided me hours of enjoyment.
1,Easier than going into FB to send a message.
0,udfidhrydgrthdyrtgxgfhfsshxxhshenebdvfgdbbxd
0,Doesn't work well, don't like being tracked.
1,Very good .Forget to use it......Great......
1,Everytime I used it is a pleasant experience
0,It could so be better but glad u finally did
1,I like Facebook Messenger. It's easy to use.
1,I love messenger I love everything about it
1,Easy to use, like the alerts, never miss a message.
0,Facebook messenger does not work on my kindle fire.
1,Love this great way to keep in touch with friends..
0,Don't like it .. I won't download on my phone. .
1,Works great! I use it all of the time, no problems.
1,Very reliable when it come it getting your messages
1,love messenger i get to keep in touch with everyone
1,so happy with this.i can talk on my fire Kindle now
0,Not crazy about this at all and will be deleting it
1,This app works fast and hardly ever crashes. Kudos!
1,When you don't have texting and you need to send a message to someone this works and is GREAT.
1,I just can't seem to get rid of the little pop up at times , or this would have been 5 stars !
1,All your Facebook friends in one place which makes it easy to see who is online and who isn't.
1,It works well when you want to send a more private message to one of your friends on facebook.
0,There is a bug. Continually the app stay frozen, so you need to close the app and relaunch it.
0,App does not work fine on my Fire phone! It does not open the Chat Heads and it crashes a lot!
1,Nice to be able to chat without logging on to Facebook! And the phone-calling is a real bonus!
0,Not a fan of messenger. I hate that you can't send normal messages through Facebook any more!
0,This app worked for a while but it really needs an update. It keeps freezing on my fire phone.
1,Works fine on Fire 7. Facebook seems to think you need a update to the program consistently.
1,I like Facebook Messenger so far. I can comucate with my friends faster without going to the Facebook app. You can have several conversation going at one time. Great APP !!
1,Enjoying it very much.
0,Not really sure what this feature does since someone "called" me according to my FB email but I have no idea where the call went or how I would "answer" it.
1,As of today's date, Facebook Messenger works just fine on the 1st Gen. KFHD (firmware: 7.5.1). It's no Line, but since Amazon App Store doesn't have Line - This is alright.
0,It works fine on my Kindle Fire. However I gave it 1 star since I see no reason why facebook needs a separate messenger app when the one within FB seemed to work just fine.
1,Great easy way to get Facebook messages in one easy step. I usually never remembered to check if I had any messages but now I don't miss them because of this separate app
0,I downloaded it and then it froze. I deleted it because it was kicking me off every time I tried to enter. I uninstalled it and then tried reinstall it but it doesn't work
0,I like this app because it allows me to chat with friends without javing to pay or sign up for some stupid account that u have to put in ur phone plan and all of that crap
0,I downloaded this for my Kindle & it just plain & simple won't work -- not worth the effort or the time to try to fix. I'll just message on my home PC -- much easier......
1,I read a lot of reviews saying they couldn't use this on their kindle fire. I always try for myself, so I downloaded the app and am not having any difficulty. Just an fyi.
1,Works great on my Kindle Fire. Haven't had any problems!
1,Awesome speed to recive messages. Love it way go FB! :)
1,Works great and I am still using first edition of kindle
1,It had good features of sending photos. And attachments.
0,I don't like it. It was just fine as a part of Facebook.
1,Loved having face-time with my daughter, & gradkiddo's!
1,Great way to stay in touch. Love the video chat option!
0,Hard to move around in. Made two calls without trying.
1,Didn't know it existed, so am now very pleased with it.
1,Messenger is a great way to get or send a message fast.
0,I use this app all the time on other devices and it works perfectly fine. On my kindle fire HD it crashes pretty often and will not connect. When it works it works great, but I have it two starts because of how often this app crashes
1,its about time they put this app in stores ive been waiting forever. i really like the app. the only thing you shouldnt do is update. NEVER update or it wont work, but other than that it works great!!!
0,The video calling doesn't work.
0,So basically it's worthless.
0,I hate this app! I just deleted it. It puts little floating heads all over my device that don't go away unless you shut your whole device down. Also, there's no way to turn this app off. Annoying AF!
1,Still checking it out, so far I like it. It's pretty good and have reestablished contact with all my Facebook friends. Can't wait to put five star's on it. Love you Amazon. Charles Davidson and Gizmo
1,This app is great. I talk to my friend on it most of the day. It tells you when people are available to talk and if they have read your text. Great app. Get it but it has to be linked with facebook.
0,This app use to be great at first but now useless every time I use it my calls get disconnect or dropped sometimes the other person can't hear me and there is always noise, always a connection issue
1,I love Facebook Messenger. I used to use Facetime until some in my family no longer had iphones. Skype is a pain and seems to drag. Facebook Messenger works great for my family with no problems.
0,It was fine...UNTIL i loaded an update!!! Crashed!!! Might try reloading cuz its gr8 when it works...Loaded into the new 7" Fire tablet. Dont know if the problem was messenger, or the tablet???
0,Just today I updated this, and no longer works...EPIC FAIL Facebook! This will remain a one star until this works on kindle fire! I am beyond upset with this...I should NEVER have updated this, cause it was working perfectly before this...Thanks loads Facebook!
0,So I download messen1,I did received my ultimate digestive enzymes on time. It helps break down my food that is not digested. Good product to have for gas & bloating.
0,I'm sure it does what it's supposed to do - but I didn't like it and deleted it pretty much right away. Facebook is intrusive enough on its own!
1,this is awesome love it & i absolutely love all the stickers u can buy & have. just wish the chat heads would pop up on my kindle 7 fire
1,love that I can get a hold of someone faster than an email and they can still get back to me when they can. But I know that they got the message
0,Ready the terms. They can turn on your camera on your phone and take pictures and search your location among other things and I don't like that.
1,I had the Facebook app for my Kindle, and only recently realized I needed a separate app for Facebook Messenger. Works seamlessly with Facebook.
1,Not sure If other kindle users are on newest update or not but can confirm this and the Giphy app work fine for me. Newest fire hd 7 on 4.5.5 is
1,Enjoy using it with my family and friends!!! Nice fun way to stay in touch with everyone. Lots of Emoticons to play with, even animated ones :)
0,If Spanish language option was available for kindle Fire that would eliminate the need for so many misspellings....other than that it's alright
1,Um i don't know why all these stupid are saying it don't work for kindle Amazon he. I have one and it works for it so. It's a good app. No lags
1,Love it, it's so easy to use
0,FACE BOOK SUCKS ALL TOGETHER
1,who texts or skypes anymore?
1,Good quality and easy to use
1,It is an app. All I can say.
1,Love this app a lot's of fun
0,I do not know how to use it.
1,Thanks for the free service.
1,It works on my kindle fire!!
0,App would not install on S5.
0,This app was just way to intrusive. I couldn't use my Kindle because I kept getting facebook bubbles. At least it was easy to remove.
1,Very interesting but can't understand the other party when I call. On Face talk the picture is great but can't hear the person at all.
1,The Messenger app is fantastic for use with facebook and keeping in touch with friends and family. It's great to have it on my Kindle.
1,The one star reviews arent true! Im not kidding! It doe work on kindle fire! Works GREAT on kindle fire! Facebook has done a great job!
1,The app itself works fine yet so did the old Facebook app that had messenger built in, otherwise its just another app to take up memory
1,It's a good app, I have it on my iPod. But it's stupid that it shows up on the Kindle app store if it isn't compatible with the Kindle!
0,When someone call my I can't hear the ring. But if someone text me everything is perfect, I can hear the notification in all my house.
0,Difficult using the keypad for this app. Also the spell check and predictive text are not as good as they could be. Better on my iPad.
1,This little guy is awesome for connecting wth friends and family and sharing info. You do not have to be on facebook to use it either.
1,Well, It's been acting up over the past two days. I re-downloaded it and it STILL isn't working right. Please fix. ~ Kindle Fire user.
0,It is very sluggish on my Kindle Fire HD
1,Wouldn't know what I would do without it
1,Keeps me connected while playing games,!
1,Easy..concise...not for long dialogues..
0,It sucks bad!! I took it off of my phone
1,It's nice knowing when I have a message.
0,I couldn't install due to Trojan virus.
1,Good app you see your message right away
1,????????????????????
0,This has not showed up yet on my kindle!
1,This is very convenient. You don't have to get into Facebook to see your private messages. It eliminates a lot of hassle.
0,This app repeated &#34;Install Pending&#34; every time I tried to download & install it!!!! It never worked!!!!
1,This works really well on my Kindle Fire, a few glitches here and there but I find it very resourceful and quite helpful :)
1,Worked as intended. There is nothing much to expect, just the FB app for your Kindle, the same you have at your Smartphone.
0,Slow and glitches out my kindle. Really really sad. Don't waste your time downloading this...it worked for maybe 10 seconds
1,Facebook is Facebook. Love it, spend too much time on it, but it is helping me stay in touch with my family and I love it.
1,Handy and you will already be accustomed to it if you have used facebook. I find it useful for quick questions to friends.
1,Everyone is on Facebook 24/7. I can contact anyone with messenger... I think I use it more than my "phone" itself.
0,it does not let me download. what an outrage it really sucks! !!!!! don't let me download. and apperently no one else
1,It works pretty well but crashes at odd moments. Still a few bugs need to be fixed before l can give FB Messenger 5 stars.
0,An upgrade for me. Works as expected...
1,Excellent tragic also heartwarming read
1,It works for my kindle fire just fine??
1,Works good on my old Kindle Fire tablet
1,Works great but it needs more bug fixes
1,Worked the first time I used it. Neat.
1,love this application. it works great..
0,It does not work on Kindle Fire and I am giving it only one star because Amazon should have another app that says Facebook Messenger for Kindle which will help to avoid needless downloads.
0,I hate you have to join to use. Then allow Facebook to snoop into your business. Wish I hadn't gotten hooked on Facebook. Now there's messenger which didn't need because we had texting.
1,I used my kindle fire an it works find
1,GREAT APP
1,MUY BUENA
1,Excelente
1,Great App
1,Great app
1,muy bueno
1,Very good
1,It's good
1,Good app.
1,Very good
1,im still getting used to it but i like it good app I use it when i dont wanna go on facebook i just wanna chat to my family
0,Clear connection. Voice echoes through the whole call, so is hard to maintain a conversation without interrupting the other person at the end of the other line. Calls dropped to much when not having a good connection.
0,Thanks Facebook, for causing Kindle Fire HD owners to NOT be able to use Facebook messaging until the unforeseeable future. I am growing to dislike Facebook more and more for their lack of consideration. FYI, it's not amazon's fault that Facebook isn't creating an app that's compatible with Kindle users.
1,This app is great and much easier to use than accessing your messages from the actual desktop version of Facebook. I do not like the "other" folders or that you cannot see your messages that are from people not on your friends list. I also use the call function that is available through the app quite often to chat with friends overseas in other countries for free, however the call quality is not always that great.
1,Kindle Fire users stop acting like babies. I am sure most if not all of you have smart phones and pc/Mac. Use those. Facebook will eventually get this working on your tablets if demand merits the upgrade.
0,I really loved this app until the last 2 updates. I liked that I didn't have to be logged into FB to msg. But the last updates make it impossible to use as a stand alone. I sent complaint to developers
1,I've only used the app a handful of times and I'm learning as I go. I like having the option of texting or making a phone call with the option of seeing the person you're talking to. Kind of like skype, but simpler.
1,I have this app on my Amazon Fire 7 and my phone. When my tablet is not on, my phone lets me know my granddaughter is looking for me. Just that in itself, makes this app priceless. I can then turn on my tablet and Skype her beautiful self.
0,So far only used it a couple of times, pretty nice so far, the only thing , the messenger/ friends picture stays up on the screen ,after you have finished with your message, couldn't,seem to get rid of it!
0,After the little circle of friends that appear on the screen. Can't get rid of it. How do I do that, without turning off my tablet? Pain in the butt to get it off my screen. Even after leaving a message and looking at message.
0,Works well but does not connect directly to facebook app, have to go into messenger directly.
0,won't go away after your done. gets in the way of doing other things on your tablet or phone.
1,Its g1,Must have. I can have 2 things on, computer & kindle. + my phone, all made a chiming notice.
1,I love that on my Kindle, I can use Facebook Messenger to call one of my contacts thru WiFi.
0,It does not work with the kindle fire. it does nothing more than come up a blank white page
1,This allows me to talk to my sister and her family, who live so far away from me. Thank you.
1,Why'd facebook even separate messenger from their actual app. Oh well, it is useful though.
0,It works but when someone's try to call u u can't talk and it drops the call even with WiFi
0,This app is terrible. Do not download. Piece of shot. Doesn't work right and slows my phone.
1,Great way to communicate with friends and family without the rest of the FB world seeing it.
1,I personally enjoy this because, it is an easy way to talk to people with out wasting time.
1,Love playing. This game. Wins more money than most slots , has different way to win. Wanda
1,Messenger is amazing app, wouldn't change a thing.
1,It is ok just don't like it to much will keep it .
1,Great for keeping in touch with friends and family
1,This the perfect place to talk mess with my homies
1,Great for private conversation and family sharing.
0,Needs a sing out button so you can switch accounts
1,Not much to say apart from the fact that it works.
1,I like messenger,because it is a good way to talk.
1,It's a faster way to talk to ur friends and family
1,Work perfectly! Shipped fast!!! Highly recommend .
0,First of all, I can't believe I'm defending Facebook for anything. Second of all, the people who blame Facebook for Messenger not working on their Kindle Fire are mostly just ignorant. The Kindle Fire has 4% or less of the market, and uses FireOS, NOT the standard Android OS. THIS is why apps break on the Fire, guys. And how many developers do you think REALLY want to do something extra for people too cheap to buy a &#34;real device&#34;? (This is how it comes across to many developers) Third, Facebook Messenger is FREE. People who demand things this way for a free app are extremely selfish and entitled individuals. SOLUTION: Get some fresh air. Do something actually with friends and family, instead of relying upon a free app. Gain some healthy perspective. Stop acting as if Facebook is &#34;violating&#34; some right, because their app doesn't work on your crappy Amazon tablet. And if you want to yell at someone, then yell at AMAZON, because their tablet doesn't work with a lot of the apps which work just fine on everything else! (And, I'm betting you actually PAID for that Amazon tablet, correct???)
0,Literally stops working any time I sign out of my Facebook on my phone. I can't exit out of it I have to uninstall and re install again. Ridiculous. I don't even want to use chat anymore. bulls*** we are required to use it..
0,Amazing when application actually works, was forced to delete the application when it would frequently not respond. This would happen when the application was not in use, and my phone thought it necessary to notify me at all times.
1,I don't understand why this can't be implemented into the normal facebook app. It's amazing, but can't they just make it into an update to the normal facebook app? Anyway, it worked perfectly and I haven't experienced any problems. Would be five if it wasn't a separate app
0,I am not particularly fond of it. I liked being able to send messages from my Facebook account which I can still do on my laptop, but not my tablet. The only reason I got it was so I could send messages to my Facebook friends from my tablet.
1,This app saves me a lot of money. I use facebook messenger instead of texting as long as the person has facebook. I use this to stay in touch with my husband while we are both at work. I works great and I love all the features that it has and that all my facebook conversations are at the same place. I only use the app for my Facebook messaging nothing else so I can't say anything about all the features that it has. I recommend this to anyone who uses Facebook and wants to be able to stay in touch with their friends and family on the go. My husband has an unlimited data package on his phone so he uses this to get in touch me. I on the other hand have limited data so I use this when I have free wifi access. Why pay for text messaging if you don't have to.
1,Having trouble opening 4 pics 1 Word and sharing it with a friend on my Kindle.Need help.Other than that it is a great and easy program to use because of its ready to use icons that show up on your screen.
0,Ok well um it worked for my kindle for almost a month and then it stopped working so it sucks now because I cant delete it off my kindle it wont work o.o im serious I tried and it also stopped working like wow so I cant access it either and it wont delete off my systom period like wtf? So kindle fire users do not get this application cx
1,the previously broke messanger app... NOW WORKS WITH KINDLE FIRE. Rejoice. its runs smoother than the texting function from the facebook app, but still has a ways to go. all in all, a decent app.
0,If you have a kindle fire, and you successfully have installed Facebook messenger to your device, DO NOT UPDATE THE APP, IT WILL NO LONGER WORK. I just learned this from experience and I no longer have messenger because it wouldn't respond so I deleted it.
1,very cool way to talk to your friends
1,The app works well and is easy to use
1,Perfect for anyone who uses Facebook.
0,Need a solid update.. bcoz too bad...
0,why the hell do i have to install dis
0,it was ok but not good for my tablet.
0,Big Brother must have developed this.
0,Do not like messages posted on e Mali
0,Why is there an instagrahm screenshot
1,ALWAYS VERY HELPFUL IN ALL SITUATIONS
0,It keeps crashing so I have to keep downloading over and over its annoying and I'm tired of it. Fix this app. If I'm being forced to use it I want it to work. Btw this isn't Amazon's fault. It's Facebook's.
0,OK.....wish that the other messages would actually show up. If someone is messaging you from a group that you are both a part of that message should not go into your "others" folder
0,When the app actually works properly it's great! But sometimes it will act up and I'll have to either turn my kindle fire on and off again, or re-download the app. It's really annoying when this happens, and it happens more frequently than it should.
1,I have the kindle fire hd. It's the 7&#34; screen with ads. It works perfectly fine and I've never had any problems with it whatsoever. I promise it works. At least for me. I don't know why it wouldn't work for anyone else, I guess it's just weird like that.
1,The app works great on kindle fire. My only complaint is you can not search facebook but works great if you don't have facebook. People can find you and you can find them if they have Facebook. I got it to talk to my friends then I got Facebook, when my mom let me. I give it 5 stars.
0,I used to be able to search through bing for images to be added to my message using my Kindle Fire. I reported it umpteen times and have gotten no reply!! This issue still continues . I'm completely frustrated because I love this added feature!!! Obviously reporting a problem goes to nowhere because no one seems to be able to reply or to fix this issue!! It's been months! Anyone else have this problem??
0,this is rediculouse its not working yesterday it was today its acting all weord messages keep spinning and not loading amd.it keeps disconnection and reconnecting like wtf its pissing me of FIX IT NOW
0,I bought the new 2015 Fire tablet in December. I can only use this app for one or two days on my tablet. After that it won't open. I then have to uninstall then reinstall it. I am using the Amazon app store to get Messenger so I don't understand what the problem could be. Anyone else with this problem?
1,I am hard of hearing but I can't hear from my sister speak her to me not listen not work ! I usually look video phone and text messenger from deaf they text their phones . Because ,It's emergency but how I call relay operator sign language on video TV to my video HDTV Sorenson from FCC Sorenson ! It's very important for me law . 1,Guys so I keep seeing reviews that day this doesn't work well it does work now so don't look at the old reviews there from months ago
1,I like the ability to make "calls" to other FBM users and carry on a voice conversation with people even out of the country.
0,Hard to get others on. Have trouble knowing if I can talk to friends or just have to text. Confusing to me. I'm new to all this .
1,Gives you access to messages quickly and conveniently without getting sucked into scrolling through your FB newsfeed for 20 minutes.
1,I preferred it the other way!!! I think this app is unnecessary I hate that it's on all the time eating up my battery and data.
0,This app is ok but... I don't have the time to wait and keep on putting in emails and stuff. I highly recemend not getting this app.
1,A great way to chat with friends and family and the face to face works well even when your out of the country it keeps you in touch.
1,This is how I talk to my boyfriend and it works well on any phone,tablet,or even a kindle. It just doesn't let you call on a kindle.
1,Very satisfied with the products we've purchased through Amazon. Prime membership saves us shipping cost on most items we purchase.
0,This app doesn't work on kindle fire nor does it work with the Facebook app. It also will not update on kindle fire. Please fix it!!
0,I've downloaded and deleted this app multiple times this week from my Amazon fire phone and it still doesn't not work properly! It keeps crashing and after a period of inactivity I can't even pull the app up. I just get a blank screen.. I then delete the app and reinstalled it but no matter what it crashes on me throughout the day. Super frustrating! Please fix asap!
1,Not sure why I needed this app when I have FB, it shows up in message icon there too but I do find it annoying popping up when I'm browsing & it gets in the way causing me to open it & almost losing what I'm doing
0,This app works only partially on my Kindle Fire HD. It does enable me to handle messages on Facebook. And it does permit me to go directly to Messenger from my desktop screen. However, when a new notification pops up telling me to click on it to read the message, the link doesn't work. I tap the pop up but don't see the message. After that, my kindle freezes up and I often need to shut down and restart.
0,Ehh not like the original android app . You don't get the active chat head on your screen like the original android app. You have to actually open the app. If you fixed this it would be given a 5 star rating
0,I thought something was wrong. Same post kept showing up first for days. Don't have time to scroll through to find new posts. They are all mixed up! Please fix this so the latest posts show first. Very disappointed.
1,I really like messenger and use it regularly including the emoticons. It does seem to use up a lot of data on my phone when I do use it. I like the video, face to face option. My friend and I talk regularly through this function.
1,I just installed this and so far so good! I like that on the tablet the text is much more readable. I'll have to update this review after having it awhile and let you know if it has any problems. This is a nice App to stay in touch with facebook friends & you don't have to have facebook installed on your tablet either!
1,I like chatting with this app, the chat heads on the Android homescreen is awesome, however, I do have some privacy concerns while using it. But I guess it's something to expect while using Facebook.
0,I have used the app on a smartphone and switched to my Kindle. I can't use some of the same features and stickers and I keep getting a notice to update the app, but there is no update available in the app store.
0,To reviewer saying everyone just complainers, well guess what You R Wrong- go ahead type Facebook in the kindle app store, and guess what pops up? Go ahead check it out, that is what I downloaded, because I thought maybe Facebook app is what I should get, I saw Facebook Messenger and picked that to stay in contact. Oh well
1,Best way to communicate with my family and friends who are spread all over the country and beyond! Fast, Easy and private!
1,Love that I can keep in touch with my friends. There are some minor glitches but not enough to keep me from using it!
0,its soooooooooo dumb because it wont load on kindle fire! I would not get this app it sucks. try a text now or texting app
0,It's messenger, really.... umm yeah! whatever? Yet another Facebook idea...Umm yeah, right, right, o.k. were done here...
0,Doesn't work for the Kindle Fire HD. Sure it will load and open. Just try to send or read a message, locks up every time.
1,So i use this alot on my kindle since i never have my phone on me this is a great way for people to get in touch with me.
1,Don't worry I am pretty sure it works fine on the FIRE because I have it and it work perfectly. I highly recommend it! ?
0,Not all messages came over as conversation heads. What's the point if I still have to get into Facebook to get messages?
1,This product works. It takes a goodly amount of space on my phone, but to communicate on FB, it is absolutely essential.
1,I love my Facebook Messenger! It means I can keep in touch with everyone without having to open up Facebook all the time!
1,love it.....:P
0,couldn't open.
1,No complaints.
1,Gave it a five
1,Easy, fast!!!!
1,Works great...
1,Very satisfied
1,Stay connected
1,Quick and fast
1,Great, love it
1,cool
1,Fast
1,Good
1,good
0,Meh!
1,cool
1,meh.
0,Okay
1,Good
1,Fast
0,It's snnoying
1,As described.
1,The best ever
0,Does it work.
1,Love this app
1,I like it !!!
1,Love using it
1,Communication
0,Please fix ty
1,Message time.
1,It's cool
1,Good app!
1,great app
1,I like it
0,nice item
1,messenger
1,Great app
0,I hate it
1,i love it
0,I love it
1,;)
1,?
1,?
1,Ok
1,ok
1,:)
0,Ok
1,:)
1,?
1,?
1,It works great on my kindle fire ... don't know how old their kindle is but mine works great ..
1,I love it. I am not an electronic savay person! When a friend told me about this I was excited!
1,Love how fast and easy it is to send a Facebook message without having to log on to my account.
1,Very easy way of sharing messages without using expensive cell phone company messaging service.
1,down loaded on my kindle, great to keep in touch with everyone while I'm reading. Love it.
0,I had to buy a RaV 4 port charger for all my devices just to much nose! but it does do its job
1,I have been pleased with fb messenger so far. I like to be able to have some privacy at times.
1,This is a great way to have communication with people be it family or just others on facebook.
0,Crashes after the first login and doesn't work again unless reinstalled. Totally unacceptable!
0,Messenger works fine but it worked fine within fb so ehy do i have to have s separate app now.
1,It keeps you better connected on tablet with icon & notice on desktop, without signing in to FB. I like it.
1,this app is so good it works on my kindle fire its a goop app.....!!!!!!! I love it love it
1,Keeps you updated on the happenings of your friends and gives you a chance to gey involved at the same time
1,Everyone else's review says it doesn't work for kindle fire but it does for me and it works very good !!!!!
1,This app is the best way to text people on Facebook fast and easy instead of going on Facebook all the time
0,Does not work well on my Amazon Firephone. I have to delete it after each chat, no way to close chat heads.
1,Fast way to text my friends that are on messenger and find out what's going on in their lives.Fun and fast.
1,I love messager it works on my kindle fire Idk what's wrong with yall's kindle fire but it works on mine so
1,I like getting messages this way. It's a fast and easy way for family and friends to get in touch with you.
1,I like it. I'd like it better if you could actually see the peoples faces that your conversing with though.
0,would not work on Fire Phone
1,I use this app all the time.
0,Keep working ?????
0,Phone keeps locking phone up
0,Its very good product to use
0,Not really thrilled with it.
1,It's a great app! I love it!
1,Now works for my kindle !!!!
0,The FB messenger has been crashing on 1,The app worked for my kindle fire
1,Another great way to communicate.
1,Helping to share info with others
0,I only being using it for a week.
1,It's very easy to use, and quick.
1,It does what it's supposed to do.
1,Well thought out and easy to use.
1,Works great with lots of features
0,Not bad I rarely use it to public
1,Great way to send a quick message
1,Great way to keep in touch, very quick and easy.
1,This would be useful to me but I have no freinds
1,A quick way to keep in contact with your friends
1,It's like instant email with people who use it.
0,I uninstalled, did not work with my Kindle Fire.
0,Can't call or video call with the Amazon version
1,You need to put gif for messenger in kindle fire
1,Works wonderful on amazon fire 5 the generation!
1,Love love love the wolf elite love adventure!!!!
0,Annoyingly useless. I deleted it after two days.
1,This is awesome
1,Very conveniant
1,Very convenient
0,Just a nuisance
1,I love this app
0,I can't log out
1,It's amazing!!!
0,Works part-time
1,Quick and easy!
1,very useful app
1,I don't know about the others bad reviews,but its working on my kindle fire 5th generation
0,Since the last updates, the app bogs down and NO videos will load... ever.
0,Every time I open this app it just goes white than dumps me out.
0,This is a very hand app if you are social on fb, but it's constantly crashing on my Kindle Fire. Looks like its an uncommon thing compared to other people experience with it, but for me, it's keeping me from really enjoying the app. I find myself having to uninstall it, then reinstall it weekly, and it's annoying. Hopefully there's an update to help me in the near future.
0,I downloaded this on my android and on my kindle. Every time I turn my kindle on, it "catches up" with every single message I did on my phone, instead of continuing where it should have left off, regardless of device I typed it on. It is very irritating. And it kills my battery then waiting for them to all come through and quit flashing.
0,Didn't work for me on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus with Android 4.0. Would cause the tablet to freeze. I had to get another app that works perfectly, Go!Chat. Sorry Facebook, but you didn't DO IT this time.
0,Can someone find me the fb app for fire phone?
0,My calls are being drop wish I could say better
0,Read the permissions first before you download
0,You don't put Android on the tablet and force us to use your o/s which by the way is inferior, greatly to Google Android; and the app does nothing but FORCECLOSE, to those who aren't techies it's junk, unusable on Fire O/S (what Kindle tablets run on) - why leave it available? Furthermore, the Facebook app doesn't notify you whenever a new FB message comes in. This is pathetic and someone who knows some code could get with FB and your developers and fix the problem. Users, until you see people posting positive remarks don't download...usr a pc, Mac, or Android phone or tablet. This is silly Amazon.
1,You will want this if you message friends
1,This app is so....... Wonderful, love it.
0,It's not letting me reply to some friends
1,I love using this on my phone and Kindle.
0,Will not load or run on my Kindle device.
0,Won't download onto my KindleFire tablet.
0,Useful. Although notifications don't work
1,Like not having to search for my messages
1,Now I get my messages right away, thanks.
1,Great app to stay in touch with friends !
1,It's s real good thing.Like they day " the next best thing is here ".
0,Crashes periodically and can't see other folder on mobile which would be nice
1,Like the way it shows on my page and notifies me when I have a new message.
1,The picture is very clear on messenger and the sound quality is always good!
1,I have this app on my phone and on y tablet and now i am downloading it now.
1,i love this . i can see my kids and grand kids who live across the country!!
1,This facebook messenger works fine on the kindle fire I use it all the time.
1,It runs a little slow on my kindle, but for the most part it is pretty good.
1,Messenger is very good to communicate with my family and friends, I like it!
0,Don't like the fact I was forced to download in order to message on Facebook
0,DON'T KNOW ENUF ABOUT IT YET
1,I like it. It easy and fast.
1,It works great on my Kindle.
1,Very easy for seniors to do.
1,A great way to keep in touch
1,I am in love with it not bad
0,I never could get it to work
1,Works good on my kindle fire
1,I like the convenience of it
1,Luv it. Use it all the time.
1,I just starting to get hang of it so that why 4 **** Too early to tell?
1,Just installed it on my Kindle, very easy, very quick, working like a charm.
0,app sucks! wish I could access my messages the old way via my facebook app.
0,It's a blank screen and says it isn't responding. Won't even let me log in.
0,still tryin 2 figure it out, but every1 uses it so it'll be worth the time.
1,Great book. Even unbelievers will find this interesting about prior lives.
1,Love this app! Get to text people I haven't seen in a while. Great product.
0,It used to work. After the update it won't even open. It crashes instantly.
0,Update is terrible on Amazon Kindle fire hd I wish I could give it -5 stars
1,Easily downloaded to my Fire quickly. Great it is available on all devices
1,Easy.
1,Great! works as hassle free communication.
1,It's ok don't have to much trouble with it
0,Says it needs a update but fails everytime
1,Very nice applications and very convenient
1,Seems York well with my kindle fire tablet
1,I have an KINDLE HD8 Messenger works great
1,Night t'y www gdcgxyfhdhxhxhdirifufufjufug
1,Sucks to be you. Cause it works on my fire
0,The worst thing Facebook has come up with!
0,It's a love/hate relationship.
1,Use it everyday. Love this app
1,Love it for private messaging!
0,It works with some difficulty.
1,Love it! Wish everyone had it.
1,I love it makes things easier.
1,Love to be able to video chat
1,Nice tool. Seems very stable.
1,Love it. Use it all the time.
1,So much better than normal pm
1,Easy-to-use
1,SO far good
1,Works great
1,Works great
1,Hmm OKey :)
1,Easy to use
1,Easy to use
1,Easy to use
1,I LOVE THIS
1,easy to use
0,Deres 156.00 in products and none have been !livered. My son is disabled and used his gift Card. Plus cash. They were paid. And no number to fix this. Amazon sucks and STEALS fro? The handica]ped m.
0,This is not compatible to kindle fires really Can't even make a call from messenger n actually hear what the person is saying This needs to be corrected like for real It needs to be able to work with any device including kindle fires Because just everybody else we want to be able to make free messenger calls for our kindles as well
0,The app kicks me out every time I try and open messenger to talk. I am using it on a kindle fire, but this just started happening recently. It was working fine at first. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app several times with no luck of the problem resolving itself. It is absolutely frustrating!
0,Read the privacy statement. Woah! Facebook is getting out of control with their anti-privacy practices. Completely unnecessary-absolutely unnecessary. Facebook: Hey, do you want to chat with your friends? Me: Yeah who wouldn't? Facebook: After you download this app, I will store extra data on your device silently and will make silent calls through your phone and WTH why not, I will also mine your data Me: UHH, I didn't ask for this. But I can chat with my friends right? Facebook: OH yeah yeah yeah, sure...of course you can. I just need to silently inject extra data onto your device
1,I saw a whole bunch of reviews about how it wasn't compatible for Kindle Fire and got scared that I'd accidentally downloaded something faulty. But it works pretty well. I guess they updated it? Wither way try re-downloading it again if your first experience with the app didn't go so well.
1,Those who say it is not compatible with kindle fire are wrong just downloaded it on my kindle fire worked fine the only thing was no video chat because kindle fire doesn't have a camera has no lag our glitch on kindle fire that it doesn't on a phone
1,i love it alot it is good for my dell tablet
0,This i1,Facebook Messenger allow you to have two party conversations while in your Facebook account. This is very helpful and allows you to say in Facebook and not have to go to another Messenger service.
1,It's always very quick and simple to access. Minimizes so you can use other apps, but opens back up with just a click on the chat head! Very data efficient and efficient processing/ram use as well.
0,Read previous reviews that said app didn't work, but those reviews were mostly over a year old. Unfortunately, I found them to be painfully accurate still. All I could get was a blank white screen.
1,Couldn't work better. Face it, Facebook is a dominant, in your face program. With all that we don't know about what they use our information for, as a social media platform there's nothing better.
0,Having to have a separate app to message people is so stupid and a waste of space. Can't believe someone would force you to have an additional app just to message people. Stupid stupid stupid!!!!!
0,Messenger has updated on my Galaxy S4 3 times. I have had to uninstall it 2 of the 3 times and then re-install. Problem with the S4 or messenger? I do not know but next it will not be re-installed
0,I am not too computer or tablet savvy, and I didn't see directions on how to use Messenger. If possible, could you help me learn to use messenger. Thank you, gparsons868@hotmail.com
1,its a good facebook messenger I liked thanks for application I comunition my family and more people my mom my dad my brother I liked application for this happy and mensage for my girl friend
0,well.. it works for my kindle fire but I don't get notifications.. and when I use it on my phone then go on my kindle fire to use it Ny messages don't atomtically pop up. I have ti make it pop up.
0,Please update dis app man
1,it was a little confusing at first. it was different than facebooks. it is working out well.
1,Great way to communicate, but wish there were a set of "how to use" rules attached.
0,Don't like the bubble picture always on my screen or people always knowing when I'm on line.
1,Super easy way to keep in contact with others. Does have some glitches,but over all good app
1,Works great on my Kindle. No freezing so far. Notifications are pretty fast and up to date.
1,It's alright. It will crash sometimes and I would like it to be faster with the upgrades -.-
0,You can't even use messenger and Facebook or musically without losing data easily this sucks
1,Love the fact that this is for my new kindle device. Now I am truly connect everywhere I go,
1,Enjoy getting the messages instantly from friends and family sooner. Nice feature to have.
0,I'm not understanding the "concept" of messenger.....but I guess I'll have to learn.
1,its easy, fast, and simple. get this app daawgg... 420 all day every day. smoke weed every day. get stoneed.
0,I won't even give it one star. I only gave it one because I had to.This app sucks and doesn't even load.
1,I feel it is very personnel and out right wonderful. Feels like your right there with your loved ones.
0,Only shows a blank screen than a message saying it's not responding. Please fix. Thank you.
0,The app asks for way too many permissions. Use my camera without my knowledge, nope don't think so. Deleted the app. Now I can't message with facebook anymore on my phone. If I could give zero stars I would!
0,So I tried to download it but I waited 15 minutes and as soon as it got done it would make me do it over I honestly think that this app should be compatible with any device I mean why would they would this in the app store if kindle fire users couldn't use it
1,Best way to text your friends and family. Feelings lonely? Text your friends with messenger!!
0,Needs updates we are not able do do as much as a android user can Updates please.
0,My videos never work on the Facebook app. This started happening a couple of months ago.
1,it is good so i can talk to my friends and my mom without min and text love it asowme
1,Talk to ones private
1,Love FB on my phone.
1,Very good. Thank you
1,Works when I need it
0,this app is bloated.
1,This is a great site
1,Runs smoothly. Quick
1,Use ot a;; tje to,e/
1,Use it all the time.
0,Messenger App for FB
1,I had forgotten how haunting the titlt song was : it ran in my head all day.
1,I give this 4 stars because it crashes every time I try to text my girlfriend
1,very easy to use. great emoticons and stickers to add personality to messages
1,This is amazing. You can text your friends faster and better.????????
0,Can't use it. Won't work on my phonbe. Says, "Messenger has stopped."
1,Love it as it is a private way to send a message to a friend or family member
0,Wish this app didn't suck so bad. Always crashes. I can't even message anyone
0,Kindle fire support please. Come on. Should have went with an android tablet.
1,I didn't like that Facebook separated it, but once I got used to it I like it
1,Love it!! I can keep in touch with friends and family immediately for free!!!
1,Very clean, easy to follow, and updates fast. I use it as my main way of contacting people and it helps me so much.
1,I am not really interested in facebook messenger. I just don't have the time. I am sure it is a nice program.
1,FB Messenger works seamlessly and an easy way to communicate with your closest friends.I highly recommend this app.
1,This app is good but why can't you have access to the android store! We need an instagram ASAP, AND I MEAN NOW!??
1,Um the stickers don't work why this stupid but everything is okay just wished the stickers worked it pisses me off
1,This app is amazing!! Im so glad i downloaded it. It helps me see my messages faster. Thanks for who ever made it
0,Works good not thrilled "HAD" to DL it because the FB app no longer does the messages, silly to have 2 apps
0,when i put the volume down the notification ringtone still comes on and it's so loud is there a way it can be fixed
0,App itself works fine. Just unsure about how I feel about the invasive app "permissions" that are required.
1,Love it. Great product, very helpful to know when people have had a chance to review the messages. No complaints!
0,Didn't care for it and wouldn't use it again. Within 30 minutes of signing up for this my account Facebook account was hacked into and after changing the password was hacked again in just a few minutes. Not saying that Messenger was responsible but was odd that it happened twice so soon after.
0,(Kindle Fire HDX)This app downloaded perfectly fine, I can use the chat head, it's not slow, BUT the stickers don't work! I downloaded tons of stickers on a phone I had, but now I can't use any of them. It needs to be fixed soon!
0,This app is slow and crashes randomly while I am texting people. A new update has been out for a while where users can play basketball and Amazon still hasn't given us the update. Come on Amazon give me the updates on time and this will be a 5 star review.
1,I love messenger. The video calls have less interference and better quality than FaceTime. I also enjoy sharing pictures and videos with my family with the simple touch of a button.
0,Get the update already, it's been forever. This is getting absolutely ridiculous. I constantly have a reminder on the app itself telling me to update.
0,every time there is an upgrade it does not open, I have to uninstall and reinstall the app. Can you help me solve the problem I am having.
1,It's a great title, it has the occasional glitch, but you can fix it by just turning the system all the way off.
0,Good job Facebook. Just had to delete the Facebook app and messenger because of lack of phone memory. There is no reason to have to open an entire separate app just to check messages in the original app other than to be dominant in phone memory. So goodbye Facebook. Hello freedom from distraction.
0,videos not working
0,Ok, it works, then it auto updates, then it quits working. Is there no support for the fire phone at all?
1,it is so amazing . I can do what ever. Almost everyone uses it these days.lol.hahaha. yeah yeah yeah yeah
1,Yes,yes Kindle fire yes y thats cool Is was cool the Kindle fire do thai :) :) :) #yes Kindle fire
0,Try SUmessenger people searc1,Works well for me
1,Good does the job
1,It's nice to have
1,Always on time !!
1,Like it so far!!!
0,Combine the apps.
1,I love messenger.
1,Great. I love it.
0,Works. Sometimes
1,Very effective...
1,Great place for my wife to send quick messages without e-mailing.
1,I does work for me but I say it works for me and don't work for u
1,It is helpful when you want to send a message to just one person.
0,I'm learning but find it confusing and icon in the way of typing.
1,Thanks Facebook works great on my kindle fire 7 I would recommend
1,I like messenger and use it alot! Preferred over regular texting.
1,Always fast and easy ordering and I have never had a bad product.
1,Equally as good as the first edition ... the conversation begins.
1,This is the way that I text my 12 year old daughter! Works great.
1,I like that I am able to video chat with friends from out of town
1,I think is great pretty private to I like it...
0,Thus sucks for kindle I hate this app very much
1,THE BEST I CAN REACH FAMILY IN AUSTRALIA ANDUK
1,The trick is to delete it and download it again
0,Never got to use, set off my antivirus warnings
1,Love using Messenger for private conversations!
0,As a apple owner this app is like using android
1,Thanks for making to to use with kindle fire HD
1,This app is great and now works for kindle fire
1,It actually works now. It pops up.Thanks kindle
1,Works perfectly. I definitely recommend especially since the most recent update.
1,Runs perfect and I love how the person's icon appears on my phone when messaged.
0,y do it put me on mute every time I call my babe fix this dame thing it not good
1,I have a lot of customers say they don't like their voice sound on the messenger
1,It's quick and easy to use. I love how fast it sends messages to my people, too.
1,I like how I can be doing something else and it notifies that you got a message
1,Works perfectly and I like how I don't have to use my browser to IM in facebook
1,Face book messenger is one of the best messages out there. Way better than kik!
1,Love it!! Use it to communicate with my many friends and family!! Works Great!!
1,Very good messaging alternative.... I would definitely recommend it.
1,Very convenient and easy to use.
1,Good app! help me stay in touch.
0,The app freezes up other Windows
1,Enjoy having this Facebook tool.
0,Not available on my Kindle Fire.
0,Ir doesnt work in amazon version
1,Don't use a lot but I enjoy it!!
1,Easy to communicate with friends
1,Excellent tool for communication
0,will not work with kindle at all
1,good
1,Fun.
1,Like
1,Good
1,Good
1,Good
1,None
1,Good
1,good
1,Hood
0,It's not as quick o smooth as the phone app is. Still it does what I need it to do.
1,Easy to use app for the Kindle Fire 7. Keeps me up to date with friends and family!
1,Love that I can chat with my grandkids! And it lets me know when they want to talk.
1,I DON'T KNOW WHAT THOSE OTHER PEOPLES DEAL IS. THIS IS A GOOD WORKING APP. TRUST ME
1,It's good, I have no problem using Facebook messenger. It gets the job done for me.
0,Wish I could give less isn't working at all for my fire or phone. Please fix.!!!!!!
1,Works great but its not the fastest but is much more easier then going on Facebook.
0,I took it off because the blue message bar would not go away after viewing message.
1,It is a great app. Communication with my friends on Facebook is a whole lot easier.
1,Besides commercials love that I can watch all the Whose Line shows, every season...
1,I love Facebook Messenger. The only thing I don't like about it, is that when I'm typing a response to somebody that has sent me a message, the textbox clicks out an I have to reclick into the textbox.
0,No way does FB need all those invasive permissions just to message. Why separate it from the original FB anyway? Only to spy. No way will I download this to my phone! Only ones who do just didn't read the permissions, or don't know how dangerous invasion of privacy is.
1,I am not going to add my Verizon phone and text to my Amazon Fire - have to pay for it as an extra device each month, with a large hook up fee up front. However, Faceboo Messenger is just as good, if not better!
1,Facebook Messenger is really cool because it shows all of my previous messages from Facebook and it also lets me text all of my friends on Facebook, even my friends without a Facebook Messenger Badge can still reach me. Facebook Messenger is awesome, and very compatible with the Kindle Fire HD. I agree that Face book Messenger should be kept in any app store, and deserves a five star rating because it's just like Facebook, except smarter, and better. Sincerely, Satisfied Facebook Messenger User
0,Facebook hit a new low with this app. Its a pointless waste of space and the time it took me to download it.. I was perfectly happy with the Facebook mobile app, all my FB needs were perfectly satisfied .What I did not need was FB making me DL a whole other app that literally does absolutely nothing the FB mobile app couldnt do, It is constantly trying to get me to allow push notifications every time I try to use it, and ultimately just takes up more space on my kindle. Its as though every part of the app was designed to be as obnoxious and unnecessary as possible.
0,Due to me being a massive net head, I like apps that allow me to talk to people on FB. This app works great as a stand alone all, but it has a tendency to crash whenever you do anything else. It's not right away, but it happens quite often. Other than that, it's a decent app.
1,I love it. I get chat and see me husband when I travel. My daughter lives 3 states away and we can keep up as well. And when I. Don't have good phone service messenger works well. You need not be a genius to figure this out
0,Make it compatible for us Kindle Fire users. This should be compatible with a tablet like Kindle Fire. You Facebook Guys making us buy the messenger app because you are getting rid of messages from the Facebook app. If you don't make this compatible by the end of the year, I'll make sure that you don't have me as a Facebook user anymore. Because this is outrageous. Either you make this compatible with my kindle fire, or you can say goodbye to me as a user of Facebook! Who's with me?!
0,I was excited to finally find this for my kindle, but lately the messenger And the Facebook app will not connect to the internet, keeps shutting down, will not even connect to my games. I used to love Facebook. What happened?
0,Most apps are outdated and so it is true that the real Facebook app is not avaipllable at Amazon App store coz I have not seen it for 2 months!
1,Like because I can do other things on my Kindle and know I will still get my messages in a timely manner.
1,Ive been using the app for years now with no issues. The addition of call and video calling has improved.
1,It worked really well. I actually loved it. Thank the Lord for this. And fan fictions. And one direction.
1,I spend a lot of time on Facebook a lot of my friends are on there. I've never had any problems with it..
0,I downloaded it onto my Kindle HDX, and immediately started having problems with the browser freezing up.
1,I like this app on my kindle. It works great but you can not use extras on it like giphy or voice record.
1,Really like it , but it has been freezing up my kindle to where I have a hard time closing out sometimes.
1,Don't know why people say it doesn't work on Kindle fire, that's what I'm using right now! Kindle fire HD
1,I put this on my kids Kindles so I could talk to them while I was out of the country. It worked perfect.
1,You guys who are complaining probably have old kindle models, mine works fine and it's really convenient.
1,Love it
1,Love it
1,Love it
0,it's ok
1,Awesome
1,Amazing
1,Love it
1,Perfect
1,Love it
1,Awesome
1,Great when you need to private talk friends
1,Great way to connect within having to email
1,now if I can just figure out how to do it?
1,Works good on m y kindel fire hdx love this
1,Great app connection is good. No freeze up.
1,It is very clear has some issues connecting
0,This app is ok but it has some things weird
1,Keeps well in touch with family and friends
1,Not a bad way to keep in touch wi1,Of course I love it!!
1,I use it all the time
0,Nice to hear everyone
1,Fast and easy to use.
1,fun to talk to people
1,It works pretty good.
0,Could be better print
0,Screwed up my Kindle.
1,I think it's great!!!
1,I am loving this app.
1,I downloaded this as soon as it came out for my kindle. The quality of the app is a good as it gets. there have been a few updates since that fixed all the bugs. it's really easy to use and convenient as it allows you to search for your friends list from facebook as you would in your computer. you can still use the swipe key board on your kindle. i've also used the face chat feature on it and it works just fine. Since my kindle doesn't have a camara it doesn't allow my to use face tim. With the new kindle is update Facebook messenger one runs chat heads smoothly which is a big plus for multi tasking. over all it is a great app and compared to it's competition it is as good as it gets as it is simple, useful, and reliable.
1,It is a nice app, allows you to talk to people easily. I love how the chat pops up in the corner and this allows me to stay in my current app while still responding to a message.
1,This app work fine with my Kindle Fire HD 7", I get my messages instantaneously, the only problem is that the little ding tone is delayed. The message pops up before the sound, when they should be simultaneous. I wish they would upgrade every week like the android app does, this is an older version. All in all the app works fine. I like it
1,I don't see what everyone is talking about when they say that this app don't compatible with the kindle fire because this app works perfectly fine for mine! Any way awesome app you should really get it.
0,No updates on this phone. Pretty disappointing
0,the app works properly with my Android phone. I would have given it five stars, but it drops a 'message notificaiton' button on my screen that is there all the time, and it gets in the way of using my phone.
0,There is new version but you didn't update your app store ??? you let us down and forgot us... if you don't care about your customers and don't want to add and upgrade applications on your app store let us install Google play ?????
0,I have an old version of the app because the app store won't let me update. The messenger app reminds me to update but when I press update it takes me to the app store and says no update available.
1,Every so often I download this app just to see if it will work. Today I successfully downloaded it to my kindle!!! Which is a huge deal since all my friends live in another state now and the actual fb app doesn't show my messages in the notification bar!!! So I'd you have been waiting to use it, try to get it in your kindle fire now!
0,It works on my fire for a day, updates, then just doesn't work. I've had to go back and reinstall it ever day so it works! Its starting to make me very mad. I have all my stuff updated to where it should, and still it happens. Please fix this stupid glich, its really annoying!
0,No pop up/ push notice on Fire HDX or Fire phone, so unless you "hear the beep" you do not know you have a message. If you do happen to hear the FB pop clicking the notification does nothing, you have to actually open the app (even if it says chat head is open) to see who/what the message is.
1,We use Facebook Messenger both to communicate with groups of friends on FB and for short texting when WiFi is available, but cellular service is unreliable. We like that the messages are stored until the recipient is in broadband coverage, so we don't miss messages like we do on Sprint texting.
1,Got this for my kindle. Pros: -When turned on, it alerts you of friends sending you messages. -You can quit the program when not needed or to remove distractions on your screen. Cons: -Floating bubble icons can get in the way sometimes or hard to remove.
0,If I could give this a minus 1 star I would. It half downloaded but won't open or even allow me to delete it. Really makes me angry because it used to work prior to the latest &#34;update.&#34; Sad because I used to use it often.
1,I love this new way to get in touch with my daughter who lives in a place that has poor reception with her mobile phone. I think it is a great way to talk to our facebook friends and family when you cant seem to reach them the conventional way.
1,I use this daily, I mean who doesn't right? I love it. My only complaint is not being able to access my other folder, very very annoying. With all the garage sale sites on Facebook nowadays its necessary to be able to see messages who aren't from friends a little more conveniently.
0,When I first installed the app, it worked great. It ran smoothly and I had very few issues. Then about 5 hours after downloading, my kindle was glitching it started to overheat. I hadn't made any other downloads after that, so I found that strange. I checked my virus app and it turned out that this app was the problem. I deleted it immediately and never redownloaded it. If whatever bug or virus was removed, I'd consider using it again. **note: this was on a kindle fire
1,It does what it's supposed to do. The only issue I have with it, and is pissing me off terribly, the call button is in the top right corner, and I constantly hit it accidentally, while swyping. Idk why it has to be on the screen at all? Smh. I've only been using it a few days, so I might find other issues later on, but at least it works.
0,The Amazon Fire phone version works but has way less features then I had using my Samsung Galaxy phone. You can't post to a specific group. There's no little face bubble when someone messages you. You can reply to IMs from Facebook only from a separate messenger.
1,I have this on my phone, and on my Kindle. It's easy to use, and much faster then, using the old way. It's nice to have when you're letting your phone charge, or you need a bigger screen! If you use Facebook a lot, I would get messenger, cause it's so much easier to use, then the old way, and let's you reply faster! The only problem I really had, was when I went to download it for the first time on my Kindle, it did take a few minutes to load, and to start working. After that, works fine, and I love it!
1,''ve.skxbdkb h skin four
1,Fast way to get messages
1,works fine on my fire hd7
1,Helps allot with Facebook
1,I love Facebook messenger
1,Best for keeping in touch
1,Instant messaging, great.
0,Just OK. Need to improve.
1,helps more than i thought
0,Long time to reach anyone
0,The worst application ever made by Facebook not compatible with kindle fire!!!
1,You can call, text, and face time as fast as you could on your mobiles device.
1,I love the fact that the products are free from fillers and toxic ingredients!
1,I use facebook messenger daily on my cell phone, and on my tablet its awesome.
0,I was calling my mom, and no audio. I couldn't hear her and it's disappointing
1,Works on my kindle and phone. I just don't like that it has updates everyday.
1,Use frequently. Spell check drives me nuts, if I am not watching all the time.
1,I like messenger because it helps me video chat with me family and friends!!!.
1,This is fantastic! I love it. I just wish that I had gotten this much earlier.
1,very useful - especially if you have your phone but are away from the computer
0,Can't use it on my kindle so really no use to me
1,Granddaughter uses to call when she has internet
0,Nobody's talked to me yet, I have no friends...
1,Not bad, very few glitches. Works as advertised.
1,This is a very versatile social networking tool.
1,Just started to use. Great results. Easy to use.
1,It is very helpful and a good way to comuncate
0,Its nice but too many permissions on your phone.
1,love it. can call my overseas child on the cell
0,the chat heads do not work on my Kindle Fire HD.
1,Once I learned how to use this, I loved it. Works the same on my kindle and smart phone.
0,Unusable. I uninstalled when it made it impossible to see any of the facebook messages.
0,having to download a seperate app to use facebook properly is ridiculous. waste of space
1,It work for my kindle perfectly but the fact I don't get my messages in time.. Sometimes
0,How inconsiderate to invite me to try a new app that won't work on my fire phone. Rats!
1,You couldnt do anything to have made it any better. It was an ingenious thing to invent!
1,Indeed a good app, a little slow though and wishing for stickers to be available to use.
0,The problem is that it does not work with my KINDLE fire and wish it would be corrected.
1,It so good. I love the chat head. love it. love love love love love it so much. love it
1,Wonderful way to connect and reconnect with friends and family and to stay in touch too.
1,nice
1,good
1,Good
0,Okay
1,Giod
1,Easy
0,None
1,Nice
1,None
1,nice
1,Reinstall on a new phone.
1,toro_amarillo@outlook.com
1,Works great on my Fire HD
1,does what it says it does
0,3 seconds and stop Video.
1,Perfect for communication
1,I use daily great product
1,good one met expectations
1,Good to chat with people.
1,Fast install. All is good
1,keeps me in touch with family
1,Very useful. I like it a lot.
0,I think it's slow and glitchy
1,Many more then you have stars
1,Great way to stay in touch!!!
1,It works on my kindle fire..,
1,After back surgery priceless.
1,Enjoy keeping up with family
0,Dislike the annoying heads.
1,Very good. I am enjoying it.
1,use it all the time
1,seems to work great
1,Love it, thank you!
1,Works great for me.
0,good loo
1,Awesome!! Love it!!
1,I think it is great
1,I love my messenger
1,GOOD way to see you
1,Wonderful product !
1,That's great
1,Thank you!!!
1,This is cool
1,Easy to use.
1,Working well
0,This some bs
1,easy to use
1,Works grate
0,Do not use.
0,It is okay.
0,The chat heads don't work, but I still like how it makes noise when I get a message.. needs improved :)
1,Ill love that it would have some cool stuff like tango when video calling...some filters and fun stuff
0,Constantly running even when rarely used. Drains battery and eats up too much data and space on phone.
0,Microsoft says they are going to retire messenger so for that reason alone I have choose not to use it
1,Keeps t h e brain active. Great on long trips. Sometimes I need to take a break and come back to it.
0,Don't like bubbles popping up whenever I'm doing something...discontinued it...just not for me is all!
0,I don't get it. I've reinstalled three times and all I ever get is loading...never finishes the login.
1,this app me like because I'm txt for me friends Andre call the this countries and I have. one families
1,I don't know what the fuss is all about? I'm on my kindle fire right now and this app works perfectly.
1,It is almost necessary now to have this ap because of Facebook. But it works well and I use it a lot.
1,I don't understand how other people's kindle fire hd don't work with messenger but mine has been working all this time! I'd give it 9999999999 stars if I could
0,This app was working great but now any video on my timeline or video link won't play at all. It loads then goes right to the end of the video. Very annoying!!!
1,Thank you. The Product was exactly as described and arrived quickly. Thank you for an easy pleasant transaction, Great Product. I highly recommend this Seller!
0,I haven't used it on my Kindle Fire HD. But I used it on my Android, until I uninstalled FB. Works great. Too bad Facebook is such a memory hog for Android.
0,Amazon app store is ages behind Apple store and play store!! No video call option in this application but it is available in other platforms since many months.
0,It's hard to believe that all of these new and intrusive permissions are to improve the app. Reading messages that exist on other apps won't fix existing bugs.
0,First of all, massager can see or hear you at any time, kind of like it's spying on us. 2 of all it always crashes down. I wouldn't get this app if I were you.
0,The Chat Heads dont even show up and when you press where the chat heads should be the tablet freezes and just overall this app is terrible for the Kindle Fire
1,Very nice! Several of my 'friends' appear to be using Messenger. I really don't know how it is any different from the instant messenger we have on FB already.
1,I like it because you can see if you have a message from someone when you sign on, but I would like to know how to delete a conversation at the end of the day
0,Right now I'd like to get rid of it. It has popped up on my Kindle and I can't get rid of the message. Can't find a place to close or delete it and it floats around on my screen and when I'm trying to open something else it gets in the way and reopens the message. I joined it because my son recommended it to me but so far I fail to see the advantages of it. I can get private messages on my facebook or my email. This thing, so far to me, has been an annoyance.
0,I find it very difficult to use Messenger with my Kindle Fire tablet. It is not possible to forward photos to other friends even though one of the choices on the pull down screen is "forward". I tried adding a friend several times and always ended up adding some stranger I have no knowledge of...Never got my friend added, etc. Information on "help" feature ends up being a quasi-blog of other members offering suggestions on how to solve problems....most of which are useless pieces of advice.
0,Sucks
1,Easy to use and having the little icons display, gives it a nice touch.
1,I don't understand what every other comment is about but it works fantastic on my kindle. Facebook did a good job to make it compatible for my kindle. Maybe everyone else's aren't working with it. Idk what the problem is but I hope it works for everyone else just as well as it does for me.?????
1,All you people saying it don't work on kindle get yourself a fire tablet 7 5th generation and works perfect better than the kindle on Amazon store right now for 49.99 which is a amazing deal prime members get free two day shipping just got mine a week and a half ago love it
0,This gets one star from me because it won't acknowledge my Facebook password so I can't use it. And yes, I did enter the right password, several times. Also, requiring the use of an app is superfluous because I've been using messenger anyway through Facebook and I don't need my life to be this complicated.
1,Facebook messenger is great! It's a free way to stay in touch with your friends and family without having to use up your text messages for those who have a limit. You are notified immediately when you receive a message just like a text message if you choose to get the push notifications. I would definitely recommend it!
0,This worked fine on my Kindle fire up until a few moments ago. They said that an update was available so I updated it. Now it won't load anymore. Fix this and I will fix my rating. Until then it's a 1. Poor service to say the least.
0,it was working great two days ago. Now it won't open or function. I downloaded it maybe 5 days ago. I get a white screen and my kindle goes back to my home page. Doesn't matter if I restart my tablet it still does not open. I really want this to work.
1,It's efficient and easy to use.
1,Looking forward to improvements
1,Helps stay in touch with family
1,I use this app almost everyday.
0,Still trying to figure it out!!
1,Works great....no issues for me
1,I like the Facebook messenger's
0,Not compatible with Kindle Fire
1,I like the speed of messaging .
1,My outlet when I can't get out.
1,It is amazing !!!!!! Works very well and I love having it
0,Dam_ thing will not work with the Kindle Fire! Nuff Said!
1,Great so. Makes using Facebook faster when communicating.
1,Works great! Nice way to send private message on Facebook
0,I have a fire phone. Once again I cannot see my messages.
1,easy to use, convenient and makes facebook more personal.
1,I can video call friends and family for free! It's great!
0,Makes me get a million texts on my phone. Can't stand it.
0,As usual.... messenger is a piece of s***! Kindle fire...
1,Love the app but the call feature could use some tweaking
1,Fast!
1,Great
1,handy
1,Great
1,A++++
1,great
0,Good!
1,great
1,Great
1,Great
1,Best messenger service
1,use this all the time.
1,Can't live without it!
0,Does not work w/kindle
1,Great tool to connect!
1,Always loved messenger
1,great to use.. love it
0,So much storage needed
1,Easy an1,Excellent collection of Mr. Mailer's short works and interviews. Contains probably his finest essay on the arts , "A Faith in Grafitti". Always controversial and insightful, never boring.
0,I downloaded this app in hopes to use it on my Kindle Fire TV stick. Unfortunately, it's not compatible. Hopefully someday it will be. I would love to be able to use it via my Kindle Fire stick.
0,The app is probably good if you oh want to text. My goal was to videoconference. So far I cannot determine how to make those calls. Without the videoconferencing it's no different than FB.
0,It literally forces you to download it on your phone if you want to view messages, it should just be part of the FB app. Plus the bubble pop up is annoying as hell. I uninstalled it immediately.
1,Great app. Alows me direct contact with my Facebook people. I had it on a diff. smart phone, so as soon as I got hooked up with another plan, & phone I made sure this app was on my screen again.
1,I use it daily. Often to much . It's enjoyable for me to be able to chat and share pictures . And create a family group.. Some of my family doesn't utilize Messenger,so I seldom hear from them.
0,An annoying, pain in the butt program. I don't know why FB insists on having a stand alone program like this. I uninstalled it shortly after initial use. A complete waste of time. Dew
1,I love the way the interface is set up, and they even separate those of your friends who are on messenger from those who are just online on Facebook. It's a win beer how such a great app is free
1,U can do what you want but when you try to call someone it get all staicki on a speakers but if it is all alone u can't hear a single thing the people that own this app needs to fix it a little.
1,I use it on my phone, so it's also nice to have it on my Kindle Fire. Disappointed that my Facebook just went away though. The app disappeared from my Kindle and no new Facebook app is offered.
1,some times it want let sign in. when I can I really like it.
1,Great way to keep in touch with friends and family privately
1,I have never had a problem with it not even with the photos.
1,It's was great to see the people that you talk to ,loved it.
0,I use it for the convenience, but it murders my battery life
1,Very good application, works perfect with Amazon Fire phone.
1,it works great it runs really smoothly for me its amazing :D
1,Operates way better for my LG3 than the actual Facebook app.
1,Good but often drops,calls and such,fix and would be perfect
1,Love talking to friends and the characters they have to use.
1,Good game. Moved from 7 inch to 8.9 inch fire hdx. Used game code so did not have to start game over. Still playing.
1,It makes personal "conversations" easy & private. It's fast & easy to use, which is a defendant plus for me.
0,Just wish it would sync with my phone and laptop, to realize to cancel a notification when I already read a message.
0,It does not work properly. The chathead is not enabled and end up being something annoying on the Amazon Fire Phone.
0,No doesn't work why is it even possible to download if y'all know it doesn't work you must be over 13 to make an app
1,I like messenger I'm new to it and I think it's a really good thing I will be using it often from now on thank you.
1,Real great to use this. When anyone msgs me, it gets my attention instead of going thru FB to see any msgs for me.
1,I like messenger better than facebook . It is easy to use for people just begining to send messages back and forth.
1,Use it all the time with family members that don't text! Who doesn't text, you may wonder - my 72-year-old mother!
0,Full of SPYWARE and MALWARE.... but is the only way to use messaging in Facebook..... Got us by the Balls AGAIN !!!
0,It's just OK
1,Pretty cool!
0,No Big Deal!
1,Use it a lot
1,Fast and fun
1,Use it a lot
0,This is nice
1,Works great!
1,I LOVE IT !!
1,NICE FEATURE
1,ZA APPAH PRACTICE YOU THINKY NOT A PAIN ...
1,I meet new people all the time, its great!!
1,Gives you access to private messages faster
1,great way to chat with hubby during the day
1,Awesome! Better than texting on my Android.
0,I like it but sometimes slow and don't open
1,Just as easy to use as the Android version.
1,Phenomenal app, I couldn't live without it.
1,I was glad to get this on my Kindle Fire :)
0,Not reall able to rate it yet. Just got it
1,Great so far helps out
0,I don't like it at all
1,Simple and easy to use
1,Absolutely fantastic!!
1,I think its 'cool'!!!!
1,It's private and fast.
1,quite an improvement!!
1,Easy to access and use
0,Would not recommend it
1,Love the app on my tab
1,easy to send and recieve messages with out problems.
1,great app///if you liked facebook you nedded...*****
0,I don't like that you have to download messenger now
1,I am soo happy this came out for a kindle fire HDX!!
1,Excellent way to communicate with friends n family.
0,Too early to make a true review..need more practice
1,Very useful in communicating quickly with contacts.
0,Wasn't what I'd hoped, didn't work with my device.
1,I love using this app, my friends are into it also.
1,So much you can send with messenger and its private
1,Wonderful
0,I hate it
1,Excellent
1,Great app
1,I like it
1,I like it
1,love this
1,Excellent
1,very good
1,I love it
1,super easy
1,Works well
1,works well
1,Great App!
1,Thank you
1,Works fine
1,Cool love
1,Was awsome
1,Useful app
1,Works grea
1,This makes you think how those pictures go together
0,Fail not even opening in kindile fire after update
0,Can't watch videos on this updated version it sucks
0,I hate being forced to use this facebook messenger.
1,I like it. I wish I could add photos to my messages
1,Great way to get all of your messages in one place.
1,Easy to see that I have a message when on my kindle
0,I don't like it but we have no choice with Facebook
1,I like it really like it works on my kindle firehd6
1,It works fine on my kindle. Am I missing something?
0,I don't see the point and it puts up images you cannot remove. An image of my mistress was stuck on my Kindle and my wife is furious. I had to remove the app. I will sue you if my wife goes for divorce.
0,I've used this app on almost all platforms (Apple, Android, Windows, etc) but this one is certainly the worst. I use it on my Fire phone and each time I tap the drop down notifications it freezes the entire phone and I have to restart it. Also, there's the fact that the chat bubbles do not function on any screen except the in-call screen... Because that's really user-friendly right? ?
0,I was tryin to download this and it keeps sayin that it wont install because the app has been corrupted. This is on the kindle fire and I dont know why it says its corrupted. I downloaded this fine on my moto e phone, why wont it download on kindle fire. It makes no sense.
0,Slow, buggy. Way too big. Don't want two fb apps on my phone. Tried to msg FB from Messenger about my displeasure with Messenger, but the msg never sent. Uinstalled.
0,When in the Facebook app for fire you cannot directly access the Messenger app for Fire phone. When pressing the messenger icon in Facebook the Messenger app will not automatically populate. Instead it freezes up the Fire phone.
0,If I could give zero star, I would. It is horrible and invasive. I couldn't stand seeing it in every other application I opened in kindle. I had to de-install it after about 12 hours. I guess that it depends on a person. I just hate the fact that the app showed up every where, like get out of my face and my life already.
0,Would give 0 out of 5 if it were possible. Not only was this a mandatory download, but once I installed it it repeatedly caused my phone to crash. Those issues aside, you cannot reach friends that don't also have the messenger app and if a friend shares a media format that is incompatible with messenger, you will not be able to open that conversation without crashing both messenger or Facebook. Thanks to this latest in a long string of inefficiency, I say to both Facebook and Amazon, good day. I am going back to an Android phone.
1,I like that I can use this app without having to quit the program I am on and actually go to Facebook to chat with my d1,I've used messenger for a while now. I like the convenience since it's available on my kindle.
1,Its really easy to send messages, but you have to have a strong wifi signal to make phone calls.
1,This is excellent when reading on kindle. An icon pops up to let you know that you have messages
1,nice way to keep in touch. what i don't like is the message stays on the screen for a long time.
1,It is fantastic for my smartphone but does not work with my Kindle. I have the original Kindle.
0,It keeps running in the background, very intrusive app. Tried for couple days, now uninstalled.
1,Retained it on smartphone (but not on tablet--too many alerts on tablet). Performance was good.
1,I went to the app store when I click on messenger and I click download and it starts downloading
0,Please upgrade it's not working it's keep telling me to upgrade
0,It doesn't work as fast as it used to. Also, it goes a a couple weeks without working at times.
0,It bogged down my tablet so bad.I deleted it as most everyone else I know has done. Terrible product. Do not waste your time.
0,Well, I can't use it on my kindle. My antivirus software says it has a trojan just like when I tried to download the fb app.
0,I am so disappointed with this app. I can't call, video chat. Let alone i cannot hear anyone. Why have it if it doesn't work?
0,You have no choice for mobile messages, and agree to be spammed. I can't give it less than one star, as it deserves way less.
1,i think it gives us a chance to talk to are friend and have contact hi how are you hi what up what are you doing hey job dude
0,Its ok I just don't like the way the little chat head pops up and gets in the way of whatever els you're doing at the moment.
1,Essentially free texting with your friends who also use the app. Saves on minutes for those of us that use pre-paid phones.
0,I live in a different state than my family does and I love to video chat them on FB but it doesn't work on the Amazon tablet
0,It's OK if you like to use that type of venue. I don't type without staring at the keyboard. Thus I do not use FB Messenger.
0,I don't like having the picture on my screen for anybody to see who is sending me messages. I prefer it to be more private.
1,Works great!!
0,Not necessary
1,Very helpful.
0,I get a fail.
0,Not necessary
0,no friends...
1,great to have
1,Love it......
0,Rarely use it
1,Awesome!!!!!!
0,Terrible. right after installation then it worked. Later, it was forced closed every time opening. Useless.
0,Why is the regular Facebook app down from the Fire store and why don't videos work on Facebook for Fire Phone?
0,Would be a great app if it didn't drain the battery. Installed it twice with the same results. Terrible app.
1,This app works really great! I especially like this app since I use my Kindle or BlackBerry most of the time.
1,Work's greatest for message s call's and even video call's. I have no bad things to say. And that Say's a lot!
1,Iit is part of my daily quality times with friends and family.we use it forbour link to healthcare for my dad.
0,I think it's a good app to contact or talk to people around the world but for the calling it need to improve?
0,It sucks takes up GB on my phone I hate using when I could use them for more important things !! I HATTEEE IT
1,You'll never miss a message from friends. Their face pops up on your screen, alerting you instantly. Love it!
1,Love it ! I use Facebook chat a lot to communicate with family and friends and Messenger is very convenient.
1,install and be happy.. works like a charm
1,Awesome kindle fire stuff cool c c c oool
0,It works for my kindle fire I'm happy wit
1,Love having messages instantly available.
0,Hated it! Tried it and got very confused.
0,Not useful for anything I have. Deleted.
1,It's better compared to foreign companies
1,It works great better than my phone app .
1,Yes it comes in handy and I like it a lot
0,disappointed....it crashed my kindle fire
0,MY MESSENGER WONT UPDATE WHICH MEANS THAT I CANT PLAY THE NEW BASKETBALL MINI GAME AAAHHHHH IT MAKES ME SO MAD.
1,Great I love it thanks.
1,Great app, easy to use!
1,Great app, works great.
1,No crashes! It's great!
1,This is my favorite app
1,Love Facebook messenger
1,Foes what it should do.
1,Fast & like the emojies
1,Works most of the time.
0,Not compatible with Fire .... as usual.
0,Too politically correctness. Has a large tendency in not allowing one their right of free speech. If it weren't for my son serving in Afghanistan and this was the way to talk to him I would never have gotten an account with this program
0,This app is complete junk on kindle fire hd! Do not waste your time downloading it! Takes forever for it to connect to network then when it does finally connect it last for 1-2seconds not counting the only way to get rid of the little bubble thing that pops up is you have to turn the kindle long ways every time.... Sent a complaint to developer 3 days ago about the network issue and still no reply so I uninstalled it. JUNK ALERT JUNK ALERT JUNK ALERT!!!!!!
1,This is a good app to chat with your friends and to everyone who said this DIDN'T work on kindle fire, are you referring to the fact you can't call? Because that is not how kindles work. There is no microphone unless you connect one, so you cannot call unless you have a microphone or have this on your phone. But anyway, fantastic app, fun stickers, emojis, all that fun stuff. 5 out of 5!
0,Well when I first got my Fire Phone it worked just fine. Ever since google did their update, yes I know google and Facebook are different, but since then Facebook messenger hangs on log in so I'm stuck with the loading circle and it never loads up my messages or contacts. Please fix this a.s.a.p. I'm just glad I can at least still messenger through the normal Facebook app but that doesn't allow you to make calls over messenger. I'd really like to have that feature back. It's perfect for when you know someone but don't have their cell number but you're friends on Facebook
1,Love that you can talk on this. Daughter and family stationed out of country. Many times all lines are busy... Yet, we can still talk on messenger! Thank God! I need that. Miss them and their internet isn't always full strength for Skype.
1,I submitted a review Yesterday, to your staff, Sirs. Perhaps it didn't meet your needs. Then, it may have been misplaced. In any case, another should be tendered quite soon. We shall do so...after all,Sirs, your. FACEBOOK MESSENGER Service is really Not only speedy...it draws quick response ! VERY . Nice, actually. Thank you. ea
0,I do not like being forced into this messenger app. I use Facebook on my phone and my laptop as does most of the world and, the only way you area allowed to view messages on a mobile device is with this app. It functions well, but I feel it is unnecessary.
0,This app works with my kindle fire HDX but when I click on emojis icon or to share pic I get nothin whatsoever. All u can do is chat here and I'm.pretty sure we've been telling you that for at least a year or two since I've had my kindle fire HDX. Is there anyone actually reading and troubleshooting your reviews or do you just provide them as a chance for us to vent. Waaaaaay poor customer service on your part. In addition I have multiple bugs affecting my regular facebook app and when I try to review it I'm told only people who have made at least one Amazon purchase are allowed to leave reviews??? Not including free digital downloads, it says??? Well, you might want to check your records and you'll see that I have spent thousands of dollars on Amazon instant video, Amazon smile, Amazon everything, so I dont expect to restricted from anything on your site, thanks.
0,Hate all msgrs. Useless when MSN, Hotmail , rr, ameritech, Google, yahoo tried them and failed.. Why does anyone want to be Available 24/7 to anyone is beside me. I am computer field and feel Msgr for any site is a huge annoyance????
1,Great free, Clean download from a trusted source.
1,I really enjoy this option on Facebook it is fast
1,Other apps works great. Haven't used this on much
1,Simple, easy, fast way to stay in touch privately
1,This makes things so much e1,Very nice
1,Very nice
1,excellent
1,Fantastic
1,Excellent
0,very nice
0,I hate it
1,Very good
1,Very good
0,It sucks
1,Very useful and clever to use. I use it constantly on my mobile and I am able to keep up with my friends on facebook who also have tablets and mobile phones. Great Job!
0,messenger is no good bcuz the government is going through your conversation and so are other people just delete it is not good unless u want people to look at your stuff.
0,I just got a new kindle fire and was planning on getting this app. But it doesn't work. Will it be fixed soon or am I gonna be forced to wait twenty decades for it?!?!?!
1,Didn't know this was from amazon. But can't live without it. My daughter lives in an area that can only message by FB, no 4G wouldn't be able to talk to her without it.
1,I don't know why everyone is saying it doesn't work for the kindle fire...downloaded it, and it's working just fine...just need Instagram to be kindle fire compatible...
1,Very quick and easy access to check messages without visiting my page makes this a great asset to have. Plus it's features and functions shouldn't be frowned upon either
0,I tried to reinstall it because it wasn't working. Now I am trying to install it a d its not working. I know it isn't my device because every other app works perfectly!
1,I've yet to have any issue with this application. I am a straight tablet user and I'll say it works great! Fast,easy,no glitches to my reckoning. I give it a thumbs up!
1,I keep getting a pop up message that tells me to update to the new messenger so I click it and it takes me to the app yet there is no update button to click on ???? Lol
1,its totally compatible with my kindle. i love how i can still be on other apps and use it. and the update is awesome, i love how u can give your friends nicknames also.
1,This app is great! I talk to my friends on it most of the day! It tells u when people are available to talk to and if they have read your text, GREAT APP!!! Get it !!! But it has to be linked with Facebook.
0,this s*** is annoying I can I have to wake up to someone else text if they're not messaging me you know family messages is just crazy like I just want my messages not everybody else and the fact that the notification don't work so I can turn this s*** off so I had to uninstall it disappointed
0,It's sometimes with texting but it has most of the problems with calling. I try to call my mother and every 2 seconds something was wrong with it, same with texting,I click the button to send my text and it says messenger has stopped every time. it goes to show not every thing works 24/7
0,This app is great, but DON'T DOWNLOAD THE UPDATE. For KFHD, the app will instantly crash, and close if you try to open it after the update.
0,OMG, use it once and it stays active and drains my battery like crazy >.< Have to keep force stopping the damn thing. I hate this app with a passion, but its the only one I can use on Kindle. >.< I love my fires, but damn if Amazon screws me by not letting me use Google, so I was forced to buy an Android tablet to be able to use out and about and leave my Fire at home to only use at home. ;(
1,I got this app for my kindle fire hd but it was not compatible, but with the fire phone I got for my son today. It's the same as the facebook app but easier for phones.
1,This app is great. Love it. However, I went from the android version to this one and it feels outdated. The features are like the old style. It's been upgraded a lot... why not upgrade it here? Fix pleade?
0,Messenger sucks! It never works... it slows down your phone, install every time you get a message uninstall because it messes up your phone Now I have messages and it wont install Its rediculious maddening and completely uncalled for!
1,I think the Facebook messenger is great. It gives you the option of text, calling or Skype messaging. Easy access and it's quick.
1,THIS APP IS SO AMAZING! It work really good I have no problems with it love it. Some people say it don't work but for me it does
1,Works great on my new slimline Kindlefire. Also works on my 6&#34; Kindlefire, I have no complaints at all
1,we are to download. apps. and games. I also think tablets are to have fun. we are free on the tablet.
1,Couldn't live without it! Keeps me in touch with friends and family and helps to manage a busy life... Fun too!
1,Good app. I have it in my phone, but I wanted to download it to my Kindle and it works great! I'm glad I did :D
0,Not very good when u let scam artists hack in to precious Facebook. Quit sitting on your hands and do your job.
0,I just hate that I need to download this app onto my phone to IM. More apps less room on my phone boo facebook
1,Love the instant connection between friends and not having to get into Facebook and scroll through everything.
1,great way to stay in contact with my relatives from other states. especially when we can not talk on the phone
0,Sometimes lets you know your message has been seen and others times there is no confirmation. Not consistent.
1,It works as smoothly on my phone except I had to wait a few seconds longer for it to go from black to the app.
1,Makes it really easy to communicate with Facebook friends directly!
1,Like it because when I am doing other things, I can check messages.
1,This DOES work with with KINDLE fire I use it all the time!!!!!!!!
1,I liked this app. It could use some improvements but overall great!
1,I like being able to easily contact people I know who are far away.
1,Really like, just learning my way around tablet...this was helpful.
1,Nice and convenient app. Keeps me in touch with friends and family.
1,Works great and I love the record feature so I don't have to text !
1,is and great app .. easy way to stay conect with family and friends
1,It worked great on my Kindle for the few weeks I had a Kindle fire.
1,I did not know I had it in till my Daughter put me on it.I can see her just like she's right here.
0,I really don't like that it invades the Kindle, whether or not I wish to be messaging in Facebook.
1,Amazing job. Thanks so much Amazon, you have the best site out there.So proud to be a part of it.
1,It works great. Chat heads open. The app dosen't close on you. It works like it would on an iPhone
1,Very pleased
0,Just not me.
1,Easy to use.
0,I don't like it at all. I don't like how I may have it in active I still get pop ups on my phone.
0,Did not properly download. Twice. What gives?Uninstalled the app and have not tried a third time.
0,I like the other way I got my messages, in the little box that was by your friend requests icon..
1,I've seen pretty had reviews and made me very reluctant to download. I went ahead anyways, works perfectly fine ?
0,Liked my old messaging system better. It was easier to use. People's profile pictures pop up and don't go away!
1,have used FB Messenger for a number of years. really like it, it's an easier way to have a private conversation.
1,The Facebook Messenger is a great way to know I have a message in my inbox. Awesome, I love it. Thank you Amazon.
1,I am so happy to have joined the facebook group - it keeps me posted on what is going on with family and friends.
1,This app is great! It works with my fire, and I can use it in Netflix without having to leave the app!! So happy!
1,It might not work on kindle fire hd but it makes it a lot easier to use Facebook when I'm working on other things
0,Seems to have an issue keeping me connected and logged in, but when it works, it works just like the android app.
0,Kindle Fire has it's pros, it also has it's cons. Not compatible with Facebook Messenger, or Criminal Case on FB.
0,Not a facebook fan in general, was more aggravated that I had to download an app just to use personal messaging.
0,Meh... it's Facebook Messenger. I guess the thing I like the most about messenger is the variety of stickers you can insert into your conversations. Works well, serves it's purpose.
1,I have just signed up a few days ago but I have found it to be a faster and more convenient way of keeping in touch. It will also save money for me since I do have to pay for texts.
0,I don't think people should be forced into a program1,ok
1,Ok
0,Ok
1,ok
0,Ok
1,Ok
0,Ok
0,?
1,Ok
1,OK
1,I like very much
1,Works Fantastic!
0,I do not like it
1,FACEBOOK YOU TOO
1,It does its job.
1,I just love it!!
1,So good services
1,I check message.
1,So far, so good.
1,I like it a lot.
0,Every time I try to download this app on my fire phone it will install, and when I go to click on the app, it's just a blank white or black screen.. Called &#34;Mayday&#34; about it and they could not fix my problem out of the 5 times I had called.
1,this is the most awesome and kinda funny at the same time app in thwle hole world and it works in kindle fire so dont get mad just because people say that it doesnt work but go ahead and download it i hope this was helpful to who ever is readi g thank u and bye bye
0,Did not order this app. I do not do Facebook. Somehow Amazon digital order system sells things without final authorization. This is the 2nd unauthorized digital "purchase" on my account. Amazon please enhance your order control procedures.
1,I recently viewed 1 free month of Amazon Prime, I enjoyed the program choices but when it comes time to join you only show price per year, I'm retired and on a fixed income so monthly payments who be the only way I could afford to join. If at some time you start a monthly payment program please let me know as I would be interested in joining. Steve K. w8etd@yahoo.com
0,To too complicated to use if you don't use Faceboook that much. If you're not a social butterfly I would prefer just using regular text. Even when I logged off Facebook it showed me still active on messenger. Only way to stop it wasdeleting the app. if you like everyone knowing what you're doing this is the app for you.
1,Great App!
0,it worked brilliantly then sound on video calling stopped 2 days ago. downloaded latest vers now trhe blank screen & nothing! as the previous lady described........ well that was the vers from playstore. just downloaded from here, had to restart kindle - but touch wood its fully working! :)
1,Fun and easy to use. I really like that you can appear online for certain people and offline for the rest. I love that my daughter can send me clips of her a cappella group during practice and links of puppies and kittens to brighten my day.
1,I don't know what issues other people are having, but I downloaded FB Messenger in early January 2015 and was speaking with a my GF on a cruise ship in SE Asia within 1 1/2 minutes. It worked in exactly the same way as it does on my iPhone, except the internet connection on the ship was very weak, and she heard some annoying echo at her end. I did not try using a headphone with microphone yet. This would probably have solved the echo problem.
0,Tried to install update.all I received was failed to install over and over like a never ending loop.just another facebook failure of good customer service.free should not mean defective.now it won't allow me to submit this bad review.
1,Facebook MessengerThis messaging app works great with my Android phone to communicate with Facebook friends :)
1,I grew up with a rotary phone & black/ white tv . And wasn't sure about of this new technology . But now I would be lost without it.
1,This is SUPER helpful with kindle fire!!! So easy to be on app and not having to leave the app to be on messenger!!! SUPER smart!!!!
0,Facebook messenger is terrible u can only text people and not call just use the normal facebook app it's better fix the app facebook
1,I recently downloaded the app on my kindle and it has worked great from day one. I use it every day. Thanks for making a quality app
0,Why do u have to have facebook? It's a good app my mom has it I don't have a face book I'm only 10 I want to talk to my friends too!
0,just garbage. make an app that works. back up what you do. just thrown together and forgotten. might as well throw your kindle away.
1,I sure have enjoyed receiving and talking to people that I need to, with out everyone knowing what I say to the other person.
1,I like Facebook messenger. It's easy to use and I can keep in touch with close family and friends without having to go to the site.
0,the annoying circle doesn't go away on my phone and sits in the middle of whatever I am working on. If I am in facebook it is ok.
0,My facebook app and messenger is not working unless I'm connected to my wifi at home.
0,not as quick or easy to use as the facebook messenger app on iOS but still a good app
1,My husband has the only phone so this is how we reach each other through out the day.
1,The game is pretty interesting. My only issue is that u can't go to different levels.
1,It works real good for me the printing is large and I can see it better than my phone
0,How do I sign out? There is no button to sign out. Other than that, the app is okay
1,My Kindle Fire runs messenger perfectly! Sucks that others are having issues with it.
1,I use this app everyday... I've never had any problems out of it like some people do.
1,I really enjoy this messenger more than I thought I would. No issues with it so far.
1,I like messenger because it is easy to messenge my friends and those in my contacts.
1,Great way to video chat with family and friends
0,It won't play my videos.....only bad thing. :-(
0,Haven't used it too much but so far works fine.
1,kind of anoying dismissising the notificationss
1,I like it so far, I haven't used it that much.
1,Very happy for f.b. messenger and Amazon kindle
0,The bubble kept blocking the use if other apps.
0,I'm having trouble accessing Facebook Messenger
0,I hate it. It is intrusive and really annoying.
0,Started to work, then it wont let me on anymore
1,Great
1,likly
1,Great
1,Easy!
1,Great
0,Sucks
0,Great
0,Sucks
1,Great
1,Great
1,I love it
1,Great app
1,thank you
1,great app
1,Very good
1,Love it !
1,thumbs up
1,Excellent
1,fantastic
1,Love this
1,Nice way to stay in touch with contacts privately
1,I like it because it's how I communicate for work
0,Please make this compatible with kindle fire HDX.
1,I like new messenger. Good choice of emoticons :)
1,Convenient way to privately connect with friends.
1,Love it, makes it easy to send & recieve messaged
1,Works great!! Easy & quick to reply to messages.
1,Use it all the time. Never had a problem with it.
1,just added it because I have it on my phone too.
1,great to keep in contact with family and freinds
1,Facebook Messenger is great..
1,Nice to talk to my friends on
1,Great app for kindle fire hdx
1,Works like it is supposed to!
1,I love this messager Great !!
0,It's okay, don't use it much!
1,wish more people would use it
1,So convenient and easy to use
1,I. Love it detail and precise
1,I get my message much faster!
1,:)
1,Ok
1,Ok
1,?
1,ok
1,ok
1,Ok
0,-1
1,Ok
1,?
1,It works for my kindle fire except for calling and pictures
1,Got to have it if you have Facebook ...works great on my s4
0,It's obnoxious to have to leave FB to see private messages.
1,Easy to use and great for updating information with others!
1,Facebook helps me find friends and keep in touch with them.
1,u should really get this . This is really good for a kindle
1,Great app. Works as it should have had no problems with it.
0,I don't like the Facebook Messenger, maybe other people do
1,I downloaded this for my Kindle Fire HDX and it works fine.
1,its a great way to communicate with my friends on my phone!
0,Great item!!!
1,Love this app
1,Pretty handy
0,Try it. I did
1,Love this ...
1,Always use it
1,Funny as ever
0,Bad pass game
0,Working OK!!!
0,Useless app.
0,It takes to much space on ur device this is fun to use though this is not recommended by me but if u have lots of room download it
1,Overall it's good. But I cannot choose emojis when I need to use them. The icon is just there when I click on it, it doesn't work.
1,noting is wrong with it there was one time where is was not working on my kindle fire but that wwas just kindle the thing is old.
1,This is a full-featured product, beyond anything I've ever used. If you've got time to kill, Facebook Messenger will optimize it.
0,I does connect to Facebook, which is its main purpose, but it crashes from time to time and is generally slow. It is what it is.
0,A bit confusing to use. ( I'm old people)1,Ok I tried getting this in 2013 and now I finally get it you should put all apps from Google play store and Apple store. It's a great app and it works now for my kindle fire HD now
1,Work first time every time. Never any glitches or crashes. Still learning about the things it can do. I like it. My phone co. Charges my .20 per text so I save money by using this.
1,I like how easy it was to set up and was surprised with the phone option...so quick to get through to the relatives and didn't even need to leave the Kindle to pick up a phone.
1,It really works on this kindle fire I am using those other reviews need to be updated or they are too inexperienced with rating applications. This really works how it's supposed to we can do everything it needs to do.
0,I would give this app more stars if Facebook would stop listening to conversations, reading text on any message app, & give us back our privacy!!! Fb also can tell which websites we visit, read our emails, and download friend listing and address book...WHERE DID OUR PRIVACY GO???
0,The app is telling me I have a message to review but when I check there are no new messages. It's been this way the whole time. Everything else still works though.
1,Allows me to stay in contact with friends and family while on the go. It's great not having to open up the Facebook app anymore which can slow my phone down A LOT.
0,It is not notifying me when someone meshes me
1,I love this app on my kindle. It works great. I can have Facebook messenger bubbles, and do everything else without having to get back on Facebook. Some reviews say horrible, but it works just fine.
1,Love it, but I recently got a new Amazon Fire Phone 32 MB unlocked, and it won't load? It will let me sign in but not load. Can someone please help? And yes, everything else works, even my facebook app, but as soon as I try to send a message I'm SOL...
1,What to expect!
1,I like this app
0,Not working huh
0,It doesn't work
1,This helps alot
1,Great App...!!!
0,I don't like it
1,I had it before
0,It did not work
1,Very convenient
1,IT IS ALOT OF FUN. I CAN SEE WHO IS TEXTING ME RIGHT AWAY. I LOVE IT.
0,Do not like this app. Little head bubbles stay on screen and get hit.
1,I love this for kindle fire hd my fire is good with it thank u Amazon
0,It's a nice way to communicate but it can be a bit distracting too...
0,Love the convenience, dislike fact that it uses so much battery life.
1,I love using it so i dont know what you guys be aying about it
1,Great way to message friends quickly and more importantly, privately.
0,Never updates always freezing up or sometimes tell you no connection.
1,Makes it easier to receive and respond to FB messages on same device!
1,Love to socialize, so it was easy to communicate with my fb friends..
0,Useful
1,Great!
0,Sucks.
1,A+++++
1,Great!
1,Great.
1,Great!
1,great!
1,Great.
1,V Good
1,It works great what else needs to be said.
1,Very good you get your messages very fast.
1,I like it, beats using cell phone any day.
1,Interesting app. Not too sure about it yet
1,Nice app. Very convenient and easy to use.
1,It helps me a lot to here from my family
1,Awesome way to chat with friends back door
1,This works quite nicely, I enjoy using it.
1,Facebook messenger is great. No problems.
1,Love it... works well on phone and tablet!
0,Works for just conversation but when anyone send my gifs it wont let me in to see or lets me in and immediately closes. This only happens w my kindle fire hdx, no other device.
1,Am new to messenger but like it very much including setup, and cute icons that r available. My favorite is the dog looking creature that shakes his pink heart colored fanny.LoL!
0,I already hated apps. Now they split facebook into two equally pointless apps, with the same amount of functionality and versatility as a bowl of spaghetti-o's. Fuckerburg.
0,I haven't been able to play videos within this app for months. I've complained several times and nothing has been done. How long does it take to fix this very important issue?
0,I got this app in hopes I would be able to see the chat heads so I won't have to open the Facebook app all the time but the chat heads aren't anywhere even you get a new message
1,It worked great!....if you don't have a phone number use a house phone number........if it says something about the code click not now and connect with your friends on Facebook!
1,This really works well. I can contact or be contacted without having to be on Facebook. I can have instant connections with my mother of 93. It's been a blessing for her and me.
0,It cant support call option. It always crashing hence u have to restart again the kindle. So u can have the option of not using the call option if u don't want to restart again.
1,I honestly love this app. It is very cool, and my only issue is that its slow to load up. You press the app swiping button and it freezes up a bit BUT always recovers quickly.
1,I am old and I resist change, but in the end I always succumb. This is new stuff and I find it easy and useful. It is important to make every effort to keep up and be current.
0,I do not like the fact that this is the only way I can access my messages. I feel that there should be other options.
1,I LOVE The Communication.
1,Good to get for everyone.
1,Ease of download and use.
1,Love this convenient app.
1,Good for privet chatting.
1,Very convenient I love it
0,The app wasn't supported.
1,Great app to communicate.
1,Use this app quite often.
0,Ugh. 'Nuff said. Awful idea.
1,I use this app every day this app is life literally I like how we can instant message and face time Facebook friends and I hear they are making this app not just connected to facebook so you can talk to anyone who doesn't have a Facebook account but has the app overall great app.
0,It would be ok IF the circle photo were to go away, after you read the message. The circle photo hangs around and it always IN MY WAY when trying to do other things........get rid of it After you read the message!!!!!
0,Doesn't work at all on my Kindle Fire. Despite many reviews saying the same, I tried it anyway, and when I click "Open" it just shows a white screen and hangs there. This is a Kindle Fire from 20012, so perhaps the older Amazon operating system isn't compatible.
0,they want us to use it but it's not compatible with kindle fire?? really?? c'mon... this is seriously a bunch of crap
0,Very good like tha you donot have to open the message to see that you have one.
1,I love using this app better than regular text. It's a lot of fun and love the cute stickers. Only thing is that I wish I could see who was typing in a group message like it shows when messaging someone alone.
0,I love using messenger. It's an easier way to keep in contact with friends and family. But, there are a few things I wish you would fix: 1) On my Kindle Fire, it will not allow me to send emoji or pictures. 2) I wish the updates would come just like my phone does. 3) The little chat bubble doesn't always show up... Please fix these. Thank you.
0,I was looking forward to downloading this app since the messenger portion on the facebook app is clunky and doesn't send you notifiactions. This is a terrible app for the kindle. The app wouldn't even open and slowed my kindle operating speed. I had to delete it as soon as installed it.
0,I had no particular issues with the app until recently. Now it disappears, doesn't give notifications and other odd behaviors, both on my kindle and android phone. I don't understand what was done to make it so inept.
1,I haven't had messenger very long, but it seems to be a good thing
0,Something about total access to my Stuff.. makes me uncomfortable.
1,Works well. Shows me where messages came from (physical location).
1,Daughter uses this when granddaughter is not on the Fire HD 7. LOL
0,Unable to easily delete notification icon so I deleted the program
0,It's slow and sometimes won't show your messages till the next day
1,Great app. However I can't insert stickers, smilies or attachments
1,Finally THEY BROUGHT FACEBOOK MESSENGER TO KINDLE.. AND IT WORKS!!
0,Why does it work for like a few hours then it won't let me launch
1,LOVE IT INSTANTLY TALK T0,It's irritating that I have to uninstall and download again every time there's an update because there's no option to update. Overall it's pretty lousy, but it's Facebook and their site sucks, but it keeps me in touch with people and it's free. To clarify, Facebook Messenger didn't used to run on Kindle Fire, but Amazon made Kindle Android compatible in a recently past update because of all the customer complaints about not being able to run so many apps that people use regularly.
0,I have downloaded this app to my Kindle Fire specifically to try the "call" feature in messenger. So far, audio and video have had issues using this feature. Often experience delay in audio so it doesn't match what you see. I have had the same issue and freezing on my smart phone when using the app. For texting it works great.
0,Great app. I haven't run into many glitches. I do not like that if you aren't careful it will give your EXACT location on the app. I had to go into it and disable it, but it a very easy feature to accidentally turn back on if you aren't careful. Hasn't facebook ever heard of stalkers. I wish they would fix this to where it is harder to turn back on. I do not need anyone knowing my exact location!
1,I can share things with my friends from vine, makes it easier to show them a video in private. I'm able to do a lot with messenger. And if my friends send me a message, it will automatically show me. This is awesome, I'm so happy it's on Kindle Fire now.
0,I do not understand why facebook decided we had to have another app to be able to message people. This works yes but it is annoying and now with all the message requests it makes it worse. I don't like it but have to use it I suppose
0,I don't like it, there is little privacy. Anybody can text me directly on my phone and if I want to delete several conversations at one there's not an option for that, I have to go to every conversation and delete them as a single.
0,Why exactly is this required to message on facebook? It never used to. Now it makes constant noises every time I have the internet turned on, and tells people when I'm online no matter what the settings for it are at. REALLY annoying.
0,This is horrible! I have always loved messenger on my phone as well as Facebook. I work full-time online and since the updates it never opens or it crashes! I am losing sales because I can't receive the messages in real time. I have to find a computer at random times throughout my day just to check for messages. It is ridiculous! I'm beyond disappointed, I'm angry and this needs fixed! Facebook and messenger work together but won't work on my app? Yet they sure love billing me for advertisements...pointless to run ads if I can't receive the customers!!! You say give my opinion but you make me pick a star to submit it? No stars in my opinion! Only one star because the app store made me pick it. Fix it!!!
0,This program is a pain in the butt since it is now it own entity apart from facebook. 1. There is no way to LOG OFF. You can only uninstall it. So if I want to lend my tablet to someone and not have them be able to access my messages, Id have to uninstall the whole thing. 2. You cannot access your "others" folder to read messages that may have been waylayed. 3. Wish I could just get my messages from the facebook app like before. However, those scardy cat out there- although it makes you give permission for the app to access your phone book, it WILL NOT make calls on your behalf or anything crazy like that. It is simply for the opportunity to sync your contacts and add your mobile phone number so people can call and text you through the app (and that is an optional feature that you do not have to take advantage of)
1,This app downloaded and installed properly. It runs well on our Kindle Fire HDX with no issues. I downloaded this on my son's tablet so that I could "text" him. Works great for that purpose.
0,it work's
1,Excelente
1,its great
1,very well
1,excelente
1,great app
1,Excelente
1,I like it
1,Like alot
1,GREAT APP
1,It works on mine so I don't know why everyone is tripping
1,Love this app access my Facebook messages so much quicker
1,Keeps me connected to all my friends, family and clients.
1,Like this app, good if you only need a app for messenger.
1,This is one of the best communication we have a this time
0,takes up too much phone space and isn't really necessary.
1,Great....able to contact someone faster and communicate.
1,I think that Facebook messenger is a good messaging app!
1,I love Facebook massenger . I use it more than I text ..
1,So grate, video calls for free! Is awesome! ??????
1,this is so much better than I phone call because I never want to bother or interrupt anyone. This is great for a quick question and answer.
0,It can get annoying when you are connected to a group and they all start sending messages and you keep getting ones that don't concern you.
1,Haven't used it yet so there may be some bugs, but at least now I can get notifications when I get a Facebook message on my Kindle Fire HD.
0,I like Messenger except for one major problem. It gives you no option to log off. I do not like having an app that does not allow log offs.
1,I will use this app more frequently than even e-mail. thank you for providing this service for me.._l.reslly appreciate the effort.i
0,I hate it!! I did not work with My Kindle Fire and locked my system up! I do not want to reboot after a text message!! Who does????
1,This is fine on my Kindel Fire I don't know why it's getting bad reviews it's good to keep up with my friends and my Pack Members/Meetings
0,You have to be careful all the time or you will post on every person in your group. It to complicated for old people to get started using.
1,Awesome fitness tracker only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the apps needs an overhaul compared to Fitbits app they are being out done.
0,Facebook messenger is usually a good app, but I would never recommend it to an andriod User because I think that the OS can't handle it.
1,Works great very friendly easy to use
1,Good and easy-to-use app for everyone
0,If it's not broke don't mess with it.
1,Definitely wonderful!!! Trudy Harris.
1,Great idea, is quick and easy to use!
0,It's not compatible with Kindle Fire.
1,I like the connection with my friends
0,Still getting the hang of it but cool
1,Convenient & sometimes good bargains.
0,Works so far would like easier delete
1,It has been working great for me.
0,Had to sign up to get messages...
0,Does not work for Kindle Fire....
1,It does work with the kindle fire
1,Fun to use with Facebook friends!
0,Same messenger as everywhere else
0,Freezes and disappears frequently
1,Get in touch quickly txt or calls
1,I use it more than I do my email!
1,Cool just like whatsapp or viber!
1,This is challenging but not to the point of frustration. I play some every day, improving my speed and recognition skills. Plus, it's enjoyable and entertaining.
1,Those of you who think it doesn't work on your kindle fire hd, you are wrong, it's working fine for me, and I think it's better than chatting on Facebook itself!
0,I hate messenger- I do not understand why Facebook changed the way we message and require people to sign onto messenger- the old message system was far better-
0,Awful - takes over your device and puts a big circle of the person on messenger. Totally not necessary and blocks the screen of your device. Really dumb idea.
1,Other than the shock of having a face bubble pop up on my phone screen, I really like Messenger. It's easy to use and accessible without logging into Facebook.
1,This is a must when traveling. You do not use your data plan. Plus if you do not international calling on your phone plan this will send messages to FB friends.
1,Messenger is readily accessable. It is easy to use and allows the ability to search for others. It can be use for international messaging with no cost involved.
0,I got it and I forget my password and then I decided to ha e massager off my kindle so if I was you do not git it for your kindle or if you forgot your password
0,The chat and chat heads are fine but the emoji and stickers won't open at all. I'm using this from my kindle fire. Those are the only two issues I seem to have.
1,It does have a couple of nuisance features, but one can learn how to control them. However, it needs to be worked on to handle and it should be 100% intuitive.
0,I don't see the advantage of having this. I was getting my messages on Facebook and happy with that.
1,This is a great tool for those of use who use Facebook . Its easy too use and there when you need it.
0,This app used to work great on my Amazon Fire phone, but now it's bugged out and won't open anything.
1,It is easy to get in touch with someone whose phone numbers you don't have with Facebook Messenger!!!
1,If you have a kindle fire 7 inch then it might work. I tried out everything last night and it worked!
1,The internet is a dirt road which leads to a dead end.. social media is a perfect example of moronism
0,Sucks on kindle fire tablet. Crashes every five seconds, distorted sounds and a lot of lag. Worst app
1,How do you get the little circle with someone's face off the kindle when you've finished the message?
1,it is an excellent application and you can send texts and make calls.... one of the best application!
1,This app works well on my Kindle Fire and so far I've had no issues. Useful app that works smoothly.
0,I did not care for this, because it did not work on my Kindle Fire, so I deleted it...
1,This is the bomb. Can chat without opening FB on phone, computer, whatever. Great ap
1,When I find it I love it, but I don't think I have actually opened it up yet! My bad!
1,Messenger is great to contact people especially when you don't have thier phone number
1,LOVE Facebook messenger. I always know when those near and dear have something to say.
1,no issues with it and easier to chat with folks than with the Skype chat box..........
1,Now I can use Facebook chat on my android device. This makes using it more convenient.
1,Cool and easy to set up on my Kindle! Kindle makes things very easy and user friendly!
1,Love it, can communicate with friends without anyone else knowing what your discussing
1,I love this app because it's easier to talk to my friend's without getting on Facebook
1,Very easy to use
0,Did not like it.
0,I didn't like it
1,Quick, reliable.
1,Quicker messaged
0,It,s ok I Guess!
0,i cant update it
1,Love it !!!!!!!!
1,It is pretty fun
1,I really like it
0,It wont even let me deliver my messages all they do is send. It makes me mad that they wont fix it.
0,Since every body has one star I will say it stinks. like why will it have it when I does not work?!
1,You can't go wrong with this app. It has an amazing number of Canadian news sources to choose from.
0,what can I say its a messenger app, would like more features and it locks up sometimes and crashes
0,takes up too much space on my phone and tablet.... :( have to uninstall to download phone updates
0,using it, but it was not necessary with the Fire and the other apps I have on it.....love my fire.
1,Facebook Messenger works great on my Kindle Fire HD I wouldn't trade it for the word. I Love it!!!
1,sometimes my kindle freezes while in messenger, I'm not sure if it is the app or if its my device.
1,I love being able to communicate with friends -or groups of friends!- at the same time. Privately.
0,I've used it once so that it's hard to write a review. It worked when I used it and it did the job
1,This app is so cool and it works on anyone
1,Use messenger a lot great idea. thank you.
1,I love message I talk to my sis everyday .
0,Facebook forces you to use this junky app.
1,Good for my long distance relationship !!
1,So far so good. Works great on my Kindle.
1,better to have it on the kindle than not.
1,It's ok, as long as you like a challenge.
1,IT'S to the point and easy to communicate
1,didn'i know I had it till today its great
1,It easy and quick
1,Like it very much
1,yes...it is great
0,To much time spent interacting with a computer (chatting with people you don't know cant see) instead of interacting with real people.
0,Convenient to set up on my phone and is quicker to load than the facebook app itself so it's perfect if I want to just message someone.
1,I love it, so easy, even for this 74 year old great grandma, I take my kindle fire everywhere, and never miss any important messages,,
1,Another interesting story that keeps the reader engrossed to the very end. Rich character development. Can't wait for next installment.
0,It did not work on my kindle fire HD, it should be stated in the description that it will not work on certain items. It was a big pain.
0,It sucks it keeps telling me it's a threat my kindle and so does Facebook's all a threat to my knidle and I can't get help from you all
0,It seems a bit intrusive, but I guess that's what it's supposed to do. I'm sure if you are an 11 year old girl, you'll give it 5 stars.
1,So Handy! No need to get into Facebook itself. Easy to keep in touch with family and friends.
1,Happy to see that it was user friendly. Enjoyed seeing family and friends around the country.
0,Why doesn't any app ever work on Amazon fire phone I'm getting tired of this app system!!!!!!!!
0,The site is great but no matter where I am the signal drops the chat and takes a moment to fix.
1,I JUST LOVE ON AMAZON FIRES I CAN SCYPE I CAN MEZZAGE AVERYTHING LIKE CRAZY!!!!????????
0,It works good with my kids kindle fires, but they can't video chat or voice call their cousins.
1,Yes, it asks for lots of permissions, but so do most apps. LOVE THIS AND CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT!
1,this helps me contact the ones I cant see or talk to and lets me do a hole lot more than others
1,It's a way to communicate when you don't have a phone number or email to contact an individual.
0,Nice when able to use over just WiFi and no phone service. But other then that Facebook is lame
1,Great
0,sucks
1,great
1,great
1,GREAT
1,Great
1,Loved
0,Whoever created this wasn't the brightest crayon in the box. It's a stupid app. My thought is: why not just go on Facebook and post a message to your friend/family member there???
0,Incessantly pushy! They INSIST that you allow push notifications. If it weren't the only way I can message my kid right now, I'd push it right off a cliff and into digital hell!
0,the previous one within facebook was way better. If it is not broke, don't fix it. Wish people weren't forced to get it to continue sending messages through facebook
1,Awesome application
1,works as advertised
1,Keeps me up to date
1,These are great!!!!
1,Very fast and easy.
1,Use it all the time
1,I love this message
1,I love this ! ? ?
1,great for messaging
1,Working fine for me
0,hate it. bring back the original
1,Easy to use, easy to understand.
1,I haven't had a problem with it.
1,Another great way 2 communicate!
1,Works well, I'm pleased with it.
1,Am enjoying! No further comment.
1,This is great! I really like it!
1,Works okay, lots of force closes
1,I've used it for years! Love it.
0,Won't let me call my girlfriend
1,Like the way it lets you know when you're being paged
1,It's great. I haven't had so much fun in a long time.
1,So cool to talk and see the person at the same time !
1,Works just fine for me guys idk what your problem is?
1,I could really go for a vacuum cleaner and a sandwich
1,Fan of the app since it first came out on BlackBerry!
0,VERY invasive to your phone o.k. to use on a tablet !
1,I love this tablet. It's so easy to use and navigate.
1,fast way to communicate with anyone around the world.
0,Too difficult to learn and use. Need's instructions.
1,Very good
1,Work good
1,Like this
1,Excellent
1,Very good
1,Great app
1,Love this
1,Excellent
1,It's fine
1,I like it
1,This is nice for messaging Facebook's friends..
1,easy access to send a quick thought or message.
1,The best addictive game yet! Can't put it down!
1,Still getting use to it...but so far, so good!!
1,Works just fine, even better than my phone app.
0,It is good because you can talk to your friends
1,Keeps me in touch, without the need of a phone.
1,handy for when I don't want to get on facebook.
1,Use it everyday and it works great on my kindle
0,Its a kind of Ok app! Not that great though....
1,I use this app all the time and it's working just fine both on my Kindl